730336623	Insulin glargine, otherwise known as Lantus, is an insulin agonist in the drug class of insulins. The drug&#39;s target is insulin receptors which are located on adipose cells, muscle cells, and liver cells. Normally, insulin is secreted from beta cells in the pancreas when glucose levels are increased to be help with glucose uptake in skeletal muscles and adipose tissue, and to store glucose in the liver. When the insuiln binds to the insulin receptor, a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK), this induces autophosphorylation of the already dimerized RTK to promote downstream effects. The RTK is comprised of an extracellular domain, juxtamembrane, and tyrosine kinase domain which acts in phosphorylation. Insulin glargine is an insulin agonist that mimics the role of insulin, thereby increating GLUT4 transproters to help with the uptake of glucose and increasing insulin sensitivity. This is especially useful in patients with diabetes mellitus to reduce hyperglycemia.
730009227	Insulin glargine (Lantus) is an agonist of insulin receptors (IR) which are a type of receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK). Insulin glargine targets IR on the outside of cells in the liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue. In normal physiology, insulin binds to a IR, causing the IR to dimerize and autophosphorlyation to occur. When key tyrosine residues are phosphorlyated, that starts a signalling cascade that increases the number of glucose transporters on cells (GLUT2 in liver cells, GLUT 4 in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue). This allows glucose to enter cells, increases glucose phosphorylation, and stimulates the formation of glycogen in the liver to decrease the hyperglycemia that is charateristic of both type one and two diabetes.
711510047	Insulin glargine functions as an insulin receptor (IR) agonist; our primary concern here is hepatic IR but it is important to mention that IR is located in other body systems, like muscle tissue, and is affected as well. When functioning normally, pancreatic beta cells secrete insulin to signal for the liver to take up glucose from the bloodstream and increase rates of glycogen biosynthesis. Because the pancreatic beta cells are not functioning as intended in diabetics, patients might receive exogenous insulin as therapy. In the case of insulin glargine, which is one example of exogenous insulin, the diabetic patient will receive the insulin which, as mentioned before, will bind to the IR and signal for glucose uptake, glycogen biosynthesis, and therefore better glycemic control for the patient.
730301143	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor (IR) located in liver cells. Normally, insulin hormone binds IR to stimulate expression of glucose transporter proteins that uptake glucose into cells and activate glycogen biosynthesis ezymes. Insulin glargine also binds the insulin receptor, lowering blood glucose levels and reducing hyperglycemia in the treatment of diabetes.
730008206	Insulin glargine is a long lasting GLP-1R agonist used to treat patients with type 1 diabetes. Insulin glargine targets the GLP-1 receptor, a GPCR, found on insulin target organs/cells. In healthy individuals who have the ability to secrete insulin this molecule attaches to the extracellular domain of the GPCR and trigger the dissociation of the G alpha/beta/gamma subunits and promotes the binding of GTP to the alpha subunit. Once the GTP is bound, there is an upregulation of cAMP which triggers further reations that promote the uptake of glucose in target cells. In people with type 1 diabetes there is no secretion of insulin resulting in hyoerglycemia and the need for insulin analogs. As a long lasting insulin analog, insulin glargine mimics the role of insulin in normal glucose uptake over the course of about 24 hours.
720431068	Insulin glargine, or Lantus, is an insulin receptor agonist. The drug&#39;s target is an insulin receptor that is largely located on the liver cells. Normally, insulin will cause glycogen biosynthesis and increased glucose uptake in the systemic cells. The use of insulin will cause increased glycogen biosynthesis and increased glucose uptake to help with the management of hyperglycemia in diabetes.
730170143	Insulin glargine (Lantus) is a insulin receptor agonist and a synthetic polypeptide hormone. It activates the insulin receptors (IR) in muscle and adipocyte cells to increase the number of GLUT-4 transporters which increases the uptake of glucose. It also binds to the IR in liver cells to phosphorylate glycogen and increase glycogen synthase. By doing so, insulin glargine reduces the blood glucose concentration and stores glucose as glycogen in liver cells.
730337615	Insulin glargine is a long-acting insulin receptor (IR) agonist that acts on the IR in target cell tissue such as the liver. Under normal physiologic conditions, endogenous insulin binds the IR in target tissues increasing glucose uptake and phosyphorylation as well as glycogen synthesis. Insulin glargine binds the IR like endogenous insulin does resulting in an increase in glucose phosphorylation and glycogen sythesis thereby reducing teh hyperglycemia that is characteristic of bothy type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730046634	Insulin glargine is an insulin recepotr agonist. It targets insulin recepotrs located on the pancrease to help increase the amount of insulin secreted into the blodostream. This will prompt the uptake of glucose into muscle cells, adipose cells, and liver to reduce the level of hyperglycemia. The hyperglycemia is seen in type 2 diabetes and can be caused by the inactivity of insulin receptors to insulin, which prevents ingested glucose from being stored.
720516197	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptors(IR) on the liver cells. Normally, insulin receptor (IR) would activate glucokinase to phosphorylate glucose to decrease glycolysis and decrease phosphorylation of glycogen synthase to increase glycogen biosynthesis. Insulin glargine would make IR decrease the blood glucose level thereby decrease hyperglycemia which is associated with diabetes.
730010565	Insulin glargine is an insulin analog and therefore mimics the action of endogenous insulin. It targets the insulin receptor which is located on both the liver, adipose and muscle cells. Targeting of the insulin receptor allows for the upregulation of GLUT4 which allows for increased glucose uptake in muscle and adipose cells. It also stimulate the production of glycogen by the liver, which decreases glucose in the blood. These mechanisms allow for decreased blood glucose that helps treat hyperglcemia found in those who are unable to produce endogenous insulin or type 1 diabetics.
720391577	Insulin glargine (Brand Names: Lantus or Toujeo) is an insulin analog and acts as an agonist of insulin receptors located on beta-cells of the pancreas. In normal physiology, the insulin receptor is bound by insulin and this caues an increase in glucose transporters (GLUT4) on the adipose cells and skeletal muscle cells to stimulate the uptake of glucose into those cells from the blood. Addtionally, it results in increased glycogen biosynthesis in the liver cells which stilumates uptake of glucose into liver cells from the blood for storage purposes. Insulin glargine acts in the same was as endogenous insulin of the insulin receptors. As an insulin receptor agonist, insulin glargine stimulates an increase in GLUT4 transporters in both adipose tissue and skeletal muscle for energy, and and increase in glucose uptake into liver cells for storage. Glucose phosphorylation within the cells is also increased so that glucose is unable to leave the liver, muscle, and adipose cells to return to the blood. This results in decreased blood glucose to help diabetic patients reduce their hyperglycemia. Specifically, insulin glargine would be used to treat type 1 diabetics since they are unable to produce insulin themselves.
730301183	Insulin Glargine also known as Lantus is an insulin receptor agonist, that targets insulin receptors(IR) in the liver. Insulin glargine does this by binding to the IR, which is a receptor tyrosine kinase, and causing dimerization of two IR on the plasma membrane. The two IR phosphorylize tyrosine residues on the opposite IR which activates the two IR and cause a response in the cell. This response includes increasing transcription for the Glut-4 protein which transports glucose into the cells and it decrease the phosphorylation of glycogen synthase. The unphosphorylated glycogen synthase is the active form that is responsible for making glycogen. In layman terms insulin glargine is an insulin that can be taken primarily in people with T1DM to increase glucose absorption in the liver and increase glycogen synthesis, this lowers blood glucose and reduces hyperglycemia in effected individuals.
730306031	Insulin glargine, or Lantus/Toujeo, acts as an insulin receptor agonist. The target of the drug is the insulin receptor (IR) and it works in the blood stream because these receptors are on most cells, however, they are concentrated in skeletal muscle cells and liver cells. The insulin receptor upregulates glucose transporter proteins GLUT 4 and GLUT 2 and down regulates gluconeogenesis enzymes. These allow for glucose to be taken out of the blood into the cells and converted to ATP for energy. Insulin glargine is a long acting drug that experiences no peak in insulin, but a continuously moderated amount over a long period of time. This can be used for type 1 or type 2 diabetes since Insulin glargine is glucose-independent. Insulin glargine must be delivered subcutaneously to avoid degradation in the GI tract. Insulin glargine effectively lowers blood glucose by activating insulin receptors which allow muscle, adipose, or liver cells to take up glucose from the blood and use it for energy.
730336866	Insulin glargine (Lantus or Toujeo (solostar)) is an agonist of the insulin receptor. The insulin receptor is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) located on the extracellular surface of liver cells (also located on adipocytes and skeletal msucle cells). The insulin receptor functions by binding insulin which stimulates glycolysis and decreases gluconeogenesis in the liver (also increases GLUT4 in skeletal muscle cells) to regulate blood glucose levels. Insulin glargine, as a prolong-acting insulin analog, by binding the insulin receptor, stimulates process that breakdown glucose and inhibits process that form endogenous glucose in order to establish glycocemic control in those with diabetes mellitus, especially in type 1 DM.
720511985	Insulin glargine (Lantus, Toujeo (Solostar)) is an agonist for the insulin receptor, an RTK. The IR is located on liver cells and normally responds to biological insulin for an increase in glucose uptake and glycogen biosynthesis. This is primarily used for T1DM, but can be used for T2DM, when insulin secretion by the pancreas is not working, or insufficient.
720514156	Insulin glargine (brand name Lantus) is an agonist of the insulin receptor (IR) on liver cells. Normally endogenous insulin binds to IR and stimulates insulin secretion which lowers blood glucose levels in the body. Insulin glargine binds to IR and stimulates insulin secretion therefore lowering blood glucose levels in individuals with Type II Diabetes Mellitus.
730339317	Insulin Glargine (Lantus, Toujeo) is an insulin analog that acts an agonist to the Insulin Receptor (IR) located on the liver cells. Normally, when the IR is bound it results in the increased movement of GLUT4 transporters to the surface of cells in order to facilitate the increase of glucose uptake by the cell as well as, the increase of glycogen synthesis enzyme activity in the liver. The drug when bound results in decreased blood glucose levels reducing hyperglycemia which is a common characterisitic of Diabetics.
730007672	Insulin Glargine is an Insulin Receptor (IR) Agonist, a receptor which is normally found on liver, muscle, and adipose cells. Under normal physiology, the Insulin receptor binds to insulin, undergoes a conformational change and auto-phosporhylates on key tyrosine residues to activate a cascade, resulting in upregulation of GLUT-4 transporters, as well as hexokinase and other enzymes, in order to increase the uptake, usage, and storage of glucose. Insulin glargine actiavtes the IR, increasing the uptake, usage, and storage of glucose, decreasing the hyperglycemia characteristic of Diabetes Mellitus.
730010615	Insulin glargine is a synthetic agonist for the insulin receptor (the target). The insulin receptor (IR) is loacted on the liver as well as on skeletal muslce and adipose tissue. Normally, the insulin receptor, a RTK, responds to insulin binding by upregulating GLUT4 receptors and activating hexokinase (in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue) and by activating glucokinase and glycogen synthase (in the liver). This has the effect of increasing glucose uptake into the muscles and liver, and therefore lowering blood glucose levels. Insulin glargine is a natural insulin analog (mimics the structure) that elicits this same response. However, insulin glargine is modified with some metal ions that make it less soluble, and actually makes it precipitate in the subcutaneous tissue. It then slowly dimerizes from the precipitate, and then gets dissolved and absorbed into the bloodstream. This helps insulin glargine to be longer acting and released steadily, with peak effects lasting 24 hours.
730308943	Insulin glargine is a GLP-1R agonist. GLP-1R is the target for insuline glargine, and is located in the liver cells, muscle cells, and adipose cells. Normally, GLP-1 (secreted by the small intestine after eating) binds to GLP-1R to increase transcription of GLUT channels and kinases that phosphorylate glucose once inside the cell. This increases glucose-dependent insulin secretion. In diabetes when the cells are desensitized to insulin or the body does not make enough insulin, the increase in GLUT channels allows more glucose into the cell to be used for energy and allows more insulin to be released. The increase in kinases result in more phosphorylation of glucose to be converted into ATP for energy or converted into glycogen for storage.
730305075	1. Insulin glargine acts as an agonist 2. Direct agonist of the insulin receptor located on the plasma membrane of liver cells 3. In normal physiology, insulin binds to the insulin receptor on the liver cells and causes a conformational change that results in autophosphorylation of the tyrosine kinase domain. This activation causes increased glucose phosphorylation in fat, muscle, and liver cells so that glucose can be used as a source of energy and also increases glycogen biosynthesis in liver cells. These changes in turn reduce the amount of glucose circulating in the blood stream. 4. Insulin glargine is used as a long-acting insulin to treat diabetes mellitus. For those with diabetes, they either cannot produce insulin or are not responsive to insulin secretion. By treating diabetes patients with insulin glargine, more insulin is circulating in the body and can bind to insulin receptors present on liver cells so that the resulting intracellular mechanisms can ensue to reduce hyperglycemia.
730344007	Insulin glargine is an insulin analog that agonizes the Insulin Receptor, a Receptor Tyrosine Kinase located in skeletal muscle and liver cells that transduces the insulin signal to stimulate glucose uptake. Insulin glargine (Toujeo) activates the receptor in the absence of endogenous insulin to upregulate expression of GLUT2/4 in order for target cells to uptake glucose.
730300292	Insulin glargine is a long-acting antidiabetic drug. It is an agonist of insulin receptors (IR) that are located on the surface of liver cells, as well as muscle cells and adipocytes. Normally, in respond to the secretion of hormone insulin, the IR stimulate the intake of blood glucose by increasing glucose transporters (GLUT2), upregulate glucogen biosynthesis and downregulate gluconeogenesis. The drug insulin glargine also activates insulin receptors and thereby reducing hyperglycemia, which is characteristic of diabetes mellitus.
730302081	Insulin Glargine is an insulin receptor agonist. Insulin receptors are located on liver cells, skeletal muscle cells, and adipocytes. Insulin, the endogenous peptide hormone, binds to the insulin receptor causing an increase in glucose transporter expression, an activation of enzymes involved in glucose metabolism, and an activation (by dephosphorylation) of glycogen synthase. Insuline Glargine is an insulin analog that binds to the insulin receptor to activate it and cause an increase in glucose uptake and metabolism; this causes a decrease in blood glucose levels and treats hyperglycemia, which is characteristic of Diabetes Mellitus.
730336309	Insulin glargine (Lantus) is a long-acting synthetic form of insulin. This drug acts as an insulin receptor agonist. The receptor family is part of the Receptor Tyrosine Kinase family and is embedded in the beta cells of the pancreas. In normal physiology, insulin is released from the cell in response to high glucose concentration in the blood. Glucose is imported throgh GLUT transporters on the surface of a cell, causing glucose to be phosphorylated by the process of glycolysis. This activates the KATP channels and results in the closing of the channel and an increase in potassium in the cell. This increase in K concentrations intracellularly causes depolarization and activates nearby Ca channels to open. These Ca channels then have a large influx inside the cell, leading to insulin granules to release insulin into the body. By activating this insulin secretion pathway, there is an increase in insulin secretion, decrease in gluconeogensis, an increase in glycogen synthase in liver, and an increase in GLUT4 transporters on the cells of the adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. Ultimately, this leads to a lower blood glucose level and a feasible treatment for Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus, or possibly Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
730203946	Insulin glargine is an IR receptor agonist on the liver cells. Normally, endogenous insulin acts on the IR receptors of the RTK family in the liver to increase glucose uptake and decrease glucose biosynthesis pathways (gluconeogensis). Insulin glargine is the longacting form of insulin used to treat diabetes in patients who are unable to synthesize insulin. Insulin glargine will bind to the IR receptor and increase glucose uptake, increase glycolysis, and reduce gluconeogenesis. The longacting mechanism is explained by insulin glargine precipitating once administered, resulting in slow release of insulin over a long period of time.
730092448	Insulin Glargine is an agonist that acts on insulin receptors in liver cells. The synthetic form of insulin is used to supplement glucose dependent insulin secretion in Type 1 diabetes mellitus. In this disease there is not enough insulin being secreted to counter glucose levels in blood meaning there is hyperglycemia. Injecting insulin into the body can counter hyperglycemia by increasing glucose uptake in tissues and cells which can indirectly increase the amount of glucose transporters in said tissues and cells. Insulin can also increase glycogen biosynthesis for long term storage of glucose to avoid hyperglycemic blood levels. Insulin glargine specifically is used for long lasting effects of insulin as it lasts for 24 hours with peak effects around 6-8 hours.
730337192	Insulin glargine is an agonist to the insulin receptor (IR), which is located in the liver cell. Normally, insulin receptor will response to insulin and reduce the blood glucose by increasing GLUT4 on the cell surface and increasing glycogen biosythesis. By using insulin glargine, the drug will act as insulin and bind to the insulin receptor, causing conformational change, phosophorylation and activation. Then, the insulin receptor will increase GLUT4 on the cell surface, increase glucose uptake and phosophorylation of glucose will happen to make ATP. It will also increase glycogen biosythesis. All of these effects together will reduce the blood glucose and control hyperglycemia, which is a characteristics of diabetes.
730300464	Insulin glargine is an agonist at the insulin receptor (IR), a type of receptor tyrosine kinase. These receptors are found mainly on the liver but also on other tissues, such as skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. In normal physiology endogenous insulin is released from pancreatic beta cells which then circulates to the IRs and bind to induce anti-hyperglycemic activities within the body. These effects include: upregulation of GLUT4 transporters found on muscle and adipose tissue to decrease blood glucose levels, decrease in gluconeogenesis in the liver, and increase in glycogen synthesis within the liver. Insulin glargine is used in diabetes mellitus treatment to maintin stable blood glucose levels and prevent hyperglycemia. The insulin deficiency found in type 1 diabetes mellitus or the insulin resistance common in type 2 diabetes mellitus are both able to be treated with insulin glargine.
730300715	Insulin glargine is an Insulin Receptor agonist and targets the IR receptors found on skeletal, adipose, and liver cell membranes. When both endogenous and exogenous insulin binds to the already dimerized IR receptor, it causes a conformational change in which the intracellular tyrosine residues autophosphorylate each other. This activates the receptor to initiate downstream signaling pathways that ultimately promote glucose uptake. The glucose is phosphorylated by glucokinase or hexokinase to be trapped in the cell. The glucose is taken up into adipose and skeletal muscle via extra GLUT4 transporters that are transcribed and translated after IR activation. The glucose is used for energy in glycolysis. Fatty Acid synthesis is decreased in the adipose cells. In the liver, the GLUT2 receptor is responsible for glucose uptake but is not regulated by the IR. After glucose phosphorylation, glycogen synthesis begins and glucose is stored as glycogen in hepatocytes. Glycogen synthase is dephosphorylated to be activated for glycogen synthesis. The overall physiological outcome is lower blood sugar. Insulin glargine is a long lasting insulin for the treatment of type 1 diabetes melitus and hyperglycemia. Free Fatty Acid levels are lowered in the blood - The liver stops taking up FFAs and thus ketoacidosis stops if the patient was experiencing this.
730008212	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist that acts primarily on liver cells. Noramlly, the binding of endogenous insulin to the insulin receptor increases the concentration of glucose transporters and the activity of glycogen biosynthesis enzymes. Insulin drugs, such as insulin glarine, mimic endongenous insulin hormones and function to decreases blood glucose levels and hyperglycemia, a characteristic of diabetes mellitus.
730305176	Insulin glargine is a long-acting insulin analog that acts as a reversible insulin receptor (IR) agonist. This drug targets and activates insulin receptors on the liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue cells. Under normal conditions, activation of the IR increases expression of glucose transporters on the cell surfaces of target cells, increases glucose phosphorylation so that glucose can enter glycolysis and be used for cellular respiration to produce ATP, and activates enzymes such as glucokinase and hexokinase so that glucose metabolism (muscle cells) and glycogen synthesis (liver cells) can begin. Administering exogenous insulin to patients with diabetes mellitus allows activation of the IR receptor, which helps to stimulate the uptake and metabolism of glucose into cells, lowering blood glucose levels and decreasing the hyperglycemia which is characteristic of diabetes.
730308947	Insulin glargine is a prolonged acting insulin analog peptide. It acts as an agonist on the insulin receptors (IRs) of muscle, adipose, and liver tissue cells. Upon insulin glargine&#39;s binding to the insulin receptor (which belongs to the receptor tyrosine kinase [RTK] family), the RTK autophosphorylates itself, and a signaling cascade withing the target cell is initiated that ultimately targets the nucleus. In the nucleus, transcription of genes that code for GLUT4 and glycolytic enzymes is activated. In the liver, it increase the production of glycogen synthase enzymes. This in turn allows for the uptake and metabolism of glucose by muscle and fat cells as well as the production of glycogen in the liver. Under normal conditions in the body, a person would have adequate insulin release (or insulin receptor sensitivity) to have this molecular process proceed without intervention. The FDA indicates that insulin glargine is useful in treating Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes mellitus. In type 1 diabetes, beta cells are damaged and cannot release sufficient insulin. In type 2 diabetes melllitus, insulin production is reduced or IRs have reduced sensitivity.
730305017	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor (IR) found on hepatocytes. Normally, endogenous insulin binds the IR and causes upregulation of glucose transporter genes (GLUT-2 in the liver and GLUT-4 in skeletal muscle and adipose tissues) and decreases phosphorylation of hexokinase enzymes to promote hepatic glucose uptake and phosphprylation and increase glycogen synthesis. In type 1 and type 2 diabetics, insulin glargine supplements endogenous insulin function to combat hyperglycemia.
730332858	The insulin receptor is present in pancreatic &#223;-cells., and insulin glargine is a long-acting insulin receptor agonist. Normally, the insulin binds at a dimeric receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) that is inactivated. Upon binding, the RTK switches to an active conformation allowing auto-phosphorylation at two tyrosine residues. This signaling allows further downstream signaling to upregulate glucose utilization. This results in increased glucose uptake via GLUT4 transporters as well as upregulated glycolysis and glycogen biosynthesis via increased hexokinase and glycogen synthase respectively. However, in diabetic patients, when insulin cannot endogenously upregulate glucose utilization, drugs like insulin glargine act as long-acting forms of insulin, specifically modified to absorb more slowly and act over a longer course of time.
730335667	Insulin glargine is an insulin agonist which acts on the insulin receptor in liver cells. It is a long-acting type of insulin meaning that the drug takes longer to peak but has a longer course of action. Insulin normally binds to the insulin receptor which leads to the phosphorylation of glucose, increasing the number of glut4 transporters to adipose and muscle cells, and increased glyocen biosynthesis. The insulin glargine is able to mimic the natural peptide hormone insulin and induce the changes described to lower the high blood glucose levels or hyperglycemia levels that are characteristic of diabetic mellitus patients.
730000106	Insulin glargine is a member of the insulin drug class and binds to the inuslin receptor (IR) found in liver cells, adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle. The IR is a transmembrane receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) that, in normal physiology, is activated by the endocrine, polypeptide hormone insulin. In normal physiology, the binding of insulin to the IR leads to the self-phosphorylation of the dimerized RTKs and the subsuquent activation of these kinases. The kinases can then phosporylate other proteins and result in downstream affects. Insulin binding to IR in adipose tissue and muscle cells leads to increased expression of GLUT4 on the cell surface as well as increased hexokinase in the cell. This leads to increased glucose uptake and glucose phosporylation by the muscle cells and adipose tissue. In the liver, insulin binding to IR results in the dephosporylation and subsuquent activation of glycogen synthase and the activation of glucokinase. The activated enzymes lead to an increase in glucose phosporylation and an increase in glycogen synthesis in the liver. Insulin glargine activates the same responses as endogenous insulin to ultimately increase glucose uptake in adipose tissue and skeletal muscle and increase glycogen synthesis in the liver to reduce hyperglycemia in patients with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus. Insulin glargine serves as an insulin replacement in such patients due to an inability to produce adequequate inuslin. Insulin glargine is only effective if IRs are present and functioning, and insulin glargine can effectively reach its IR target.
720543380	Insulin glargine is an agonist for the insulin receptor located on liver cells (as well as skeltal muscle and adipose tissue) used in response to hyperglycemia in Diabetes Melius Type 1 and 2. The insulin receptor is normally is responsbile for binding to insulin and causing phosphorylation of glucose in the liver which increases glycogen synthesis as well as upregulating GLUT-4 on skeletal muscle and adispose tissue, thus increasing the amount of glucose taken into the cell. Insulin glargine is a long acting insulin which is used in patients with hyperglycemia caused by dysfuntional beta pancreatic cells that are unable to make their own insulin. Insulin glargine is administered, which binds to insulin recptors mimicing the effects of endogenous insulin and causes more glucose phosphorylation in the liver and glycogen sythnesis cell and uptake of glucose by skeletal and pancreatic cells, thus lowering blood sugar. By giving patients with type 1 or 2 diabetes insulin glargine, they can manage their hyperglycemia and lower their blood sugar to more appropriate levels. This particular insulin is long acting which means it precipitates more in subcutaenous tissue and last longer without inducing a true peak.
720498432	Insulin is an insulin receptor agonist located on the liver cells. Normally, insulin receptor responds to insulin hormone to upregulate glucose transporters and glycogen biosynthase enzymes. insulin glargine also activates insulin receptors thereby lowering blood glucose and decreasing hyperglycemia which is characteristic of diabetes.
730305293	The pharmacologic role of Insulin glargine (Lantus) is that it is an agonist to the Insulin Receptor. Its target is the insulin receptorwhich is an RTK receptor, and can be found in muscle and adipose tissues, as well as in the liver. The targets normal role in physiology is to be activated by endogenous insulin which then increases the expression of genes which lead to increased glucose uptake by, increasing expression of glucose transporters on all of the cell types in sentance two, and by increasing glycogen synthesis in the liver. By binding to the insulin receptor insulin glargine activates this RTK receptor which increases the transcription of these selected genes (increased expression of glucose transporters and increased expression of glycogen forming enzymes by dephosphorylzing them) and this insulin receptor agonist helps to treat type 1 DM by removing glucose from the blood and combating hyperglycemia.
730011523	Insulin glargine is a long-acting insulin receptor agonist that binds to insulin receptors (IR) in liver cells. Insulin receptors trigger the uptake of glucose from the blood stream and increased expression of GLUT2 and GLUT4 channels. This drug works by selectively binding to IR to replace endogenous insulin that is no longer being produced by patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus. By acting like endogenous insulin, blood glucose is decreased and the patient&#39;s glucose concentration returns to normal as glucose moves from the blood into cells.
730335668	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor, which is located within the membrane of liver, adipose, and skeletal muscle cells. Typically, endogenous insulin would activate the insulin receptor to cause conformational change that allows the tyrosine kinase domains of the receptor to come together and autophosphorylate key tyrosine residues. By mimicing insulin in this way, the drug insulin glargine induces similar effects. Thus, the receptor is able to recruit further signaling proteins within the cell that will activate genes associated with increased number of active glucose transporters and glycogen synthesis. This allows glucose concentrations to be reduced in the blood and instead stored as glycogen within the liver, thus reducing the hyperglycemia associated with DM.
730003873	Insulin glargine serves as an exogenous source of insulin for patients with diabetes. It is an agonist of the insuling receptor (IR), a receptor tyrosine kinase located on the surface of liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose cells. In normal physiology, insulin binds extracellularly to the IR, leading to a conformational change that allows the auto-phosphorylation of tyrosine residues on the intracellular portion of the receptor. The phosphorylation of this receptor leads to a response including the upregulation of glucose transporters, and in liver cells leads to glycogen synthesis. Since insulin glargine is an agonist of the IR, it will induce the same effects (upregulation of glucose transporters, and increased glycogen synthesis in the liver). Diabetes is characterized by hyperglycemia, and the drug insulin glargine works to lower blood sugar by allowing cells to take up glucose from the blood.
730338780	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor, which is a tyrosine kinase receptor located in adipocytes, skeletal muscle, and cells of the liver. Insulin glargine is special in that it is an extended-release form of insulin. By forming bonds with other insulin molecules, the body must break these bonds into individual molecules before they can be used. This allows for a prolonged release of the drug. Under normal physiology, insulin acts to signal a cell to increase translocation and production of GLUT4, a glucose transporter, to the cell membrane. This allows blood glucose to be taken up by the cells and converted into energy via glycolysis. However, in diabetic disease states, the body may stop producing insulin (DM type 1) or no longer respond to the produced levels of insulin (DM type 2). Thus, exogenous insulin can be used to supplement endogenous insulin, promoting the translocation and production of GLUT4 and promote greater uptake of blood glucose by cells, lowering blood glucose levels and providing greater glycemic control.
730309028	(1) Insulin glargine is an slow-acting, long-term RTK agonist (specifically the insulin receptor), (2) which are located on the surface of liver, pancreas, adipose, and muscle cells. (3) The insulin receptors normal role in phsyiology is when it is activated, it releases insulin, which increases the density of glucose transporters (GLUT2 and GLUT4) on cell surfaces to increase uptake of glucose. It then stimulates increased glycogen biosynthesis in the liver cells for storage for later use, and it increases glucose phosphorylation in skeletal muscle, adipose, and liver tissue. (4) Since insulin glargine is an agonist, it will produce the same results as insulin when it activates the insulin receptor, which overall leads to decreased hyperglycemia and lowered blood glucose levels.
730337566	Insulin glargine is an agonist for the insulin receptor, which is part of the RTK receptor family. These receptors are located on the surface of adipose and skeletal muscle tissue. In normal physiology, the target is activated by insulin and upregulate the GLUT-4 in the muscles and adipocytes to bring in glucose from the bloodstream, allowing for a balance of blood glucose concentration. In Type I Diabetes Mellitus, the beta-cells in the pancreas do not produce insulin, thus preventing tissue from removing glucose from the bloodstream, which causes hyperglycemia. The introduction of insulin glargine would help a patient with Type I DM because the insulin glargine would act like endogenous insulin and activate the insulin receptors to signal fat and muscle cells to bring in glucose from the bloodstream. Additionally, when observing a patient with Type II Diabetes Mellitus, their insulin receptors have be desensitized to insulin due to various reasons. Therefore, their beta cells may have been producing too much insulin to account for the lack of glucose absorption in the blood and eventually slow down production of insulin. Introducing insulin glargine into their bodies would help with the lack of insulin as well as resensitization of their insulin receptors since insulin glargine helps with stimulation of insulin receptors. Furthermore, insulin glargine would increase the phosphorylation of gluocose by hexakinase in the liver and pancreas and by glucokinase in the adipose and skeletal muscle tissue to produce glucose-6-phosphate (G6P), which prevents the molecule from leaving the tissue back into the bloodstream and preventing more hyperglycemia. Glycogen synthase would also be activated to produce glycogen from glucose and store the glycogen in the liver. Insulin would also activate IRS-1 and IRS-2 to increase lipid metabolism, increase glucose uptake, and increase IR sensitivity.
730305078	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor (IR) on liver, muscle, and adipose cells. Normally the insulin receptor, a receptor tyrosine kinase, is bound by endogenous insulin to be activated through autophosphorylation of its intracellular components. IR activation leads to increased transcription of glut4 genes in its 3 cell locations to increase glucose uptake. It also decreases the amount of phosphorylated glycogen synthase to increase glycogen synthesis in the liver and increases glucose phosphorylation to prevent its transport back into the blood. Insulin glargine decreases blood glucose levels through binding and activation of IR to reduce hyperglycemia associated with type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
730341594	Insulin glargine (Brand name: Lantus/Toujeo (SoloStar)) is an agonist of the insulin receptor found on liver, adipose, and muscle cells. In normal physiology, insulin is secreted by the pancreatic beta-cells to stimulate glucose uptake in adipose and muscle cells and to stimulate the storage of glucose in liver cells. Insulin glargine is a longer-acting, insulin analog. Therefore, it demonstrates no peak effect but its duration of action can last up to 24 hours. Insulin glargine is longer acting because it is less soluble compared to the endogenous insulin hormone and consequently, it takes longer to be absorbed. Insulin glargine is an antidiabetic drug used to treat Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus as an adjunct to weight loss and diet. A hallmark of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus is an inadequate response to insulin by target cells. Insulin glargine may reduce insulin resistance by remaining in the bloodstream for a longer amount of time in order for target cells to better respond.
720433193	The generic, insulin glargine (Brand: Lantus, Toujeo Solostar), is an insulin analog (agonist) that binds to the insulin receptor, which are receptor tyrosine kinases. These ligand-dependent receptors are found in target cells such as the liver (for glucose storage) and skeletal and adipose tissues (for glucose uptake). In normal conditions, insulin is secreted from the beta pancreatic cells which bind to the insulin receptors to promote the deactivation of glycogen synthase (to promote the building of glycogen in areas like the liver), the phosphorylation of glucose (to promote glycolytic activity in target cells), and increased expression of glucose transporters on target cells. The binding of insulin (and similarly, insulin analogs like insulin glargine) to the insulin receptor, as a result, reduces the amount of glucose in the bloodstream. This action of insulin analogs is commonly for Diabetic Mellitus patients, namely Type I through administration of a subcutaneous injection. This specific insulin analog has a more prolonged effect compared to the other versions of the insulin analog, which allows it to stay in the body for up to 24 hours and does not truly have a peak activation time.
730005239	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptors, which are located in the liver cells. The insulin receptor is part of the Receptor Tyrosine Kinase (RTK) target family. Normally, the insulin receptor stimulates glucose uptake in the muscle and adipose tissue by upregulating GLUT4 to increase glucose uptake, as well as upregulating hexokinase to increase phosphorylation of glucose. In addition, the insulin receptors stimulate glucose storage and glycogen biosynthesis in the liver by upregulating glucokinase to phosphorylate glucose and upregulating glycogen synthase to upregulate glycogen biosynthesis for storage. By acting as an agonist of the insulin receptor, insulin glargine will increase the glucose uptake by the muscle and adipose tissue, as well as increase glycogen biosynthesis and storage by the liver. This will lower the amount of glucose circulating in the blood and therefore lower hyperglycemic levels, treating those with diabetes.
730014075	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor. The drug&#39;s target is a RTK and primarily lies on the extraceullular membrane of skeletal muscle, liver., and adipose cells Insulin receptor&#39;s roles in normal physiology (once activated) is to increase gene transcription which produces glucose transporters that uptake glucose into the cell and increases glucose phosphorylation. It also increases the the production of glycogen within the liver. The expected outcomes for administration of this drug is a slow-acting reduction of hyperglycemia for both T1DM and T2DM.
730009068	Insulin glargine (Lantus, Toujeo SoloStar) belongs to the insulin drug class and is an agonist of the insulin receptor (IR). IR belongs to the receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) drug target family and is found in liver cells. Normally, IR stimulates glucose uptake from the blood and gluose storage as glycogen. When bound to insulin glargine, GLUT2 increases which increases glycogen biosynthesis in liver cells, glucose phosphorylation is increased in skeletal muscle and adipose and liver tissue, and GLUT4 density increases on skeletal and adipose tissue. As a result, hyperglycemia is reduced as a treatment of diabetes.
730081905	Insulin glargine (brand names Lantus and Toujeo (SoloStar)) acts as an agonist of the insulin receptor. The drug&#39;s target is the insulin receptor located on liver cells (among other places like skeletal muscle). The insulin receptor normally responds to endogenous insulin that is released when blood glucose levels are high, and stimulates the uptake of glucose and its storage as glycogen. Insulin glargine can also activate the insulin receptor and cause the uptake of glucose that results in lowered blood glucose levels to correct the hyperglycemia that is characteristic of diabetes.
730012332	Insulin glargine brand name is lantus, solostar toujeo is an insulin receptor agonist. The drugs target is insulin receptor and they are located on liver, muscle, and adipose tissue. In normal physiology the target insulin receptor would bind to insulin which would stimulate glucose uptake, decrease inappropriate glucagon secretion and, increase glycogen stores. Typically when you eat you have glucose in your blood this glucose is transported by GLUT transports into the pancreatic islet cells. Glucose is then phosphorylated to glucose-6-phosphate, this will not allow it to leave the cell. phosphorylated glucose goes through glycolysis and TCA to create ATP. ATP is then bound to the potassium channels and closes them, causing a depolarization which will open calcium voltage gated channels into the cell. This rush of calcium causes the release of insulin from the granules, increasing insulin secretion and decreasing hyperglycemia. In order to decrease hyperglycemia, the insulin receptor which is a part of the RTK family of receptors must be active and able to bind insulin. Insulin glargine is also a long acting insulin as well meaning it peaks over 6-8 hours and is steadily delivered over 24 hours.
730351906	insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist. It&#39;s drug target is an insulin receptor and its location is Beta cells located in the pancreas. The drug target family are receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) insulin receptor. The target&#39;s role in normal physiology is to increase insulin secretion by binding to a ligand-actived kinase. This causes an increase in glucose transporters (GLUT4) on the cells in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue , increases insulin secretion, and increases glucose uptake which is used for the storage of glycogen.
730012793	Insulin glargine acts as an agonist on the insulin receptor that is mainly located in the liver. Normally, the target is activated by endogenous insulin, causing a conformational change to the receptor. This conformational change brings the two intracellular tyrosine residues together, allowing them to autophosphorylate each other. As a result, the cell becomes activated. Activation of the cell allows there to be an increase in GLUT-4 production, an increase in hexokinase production, an increase in glucokinase production, and an increase in glycogen synthase. All four of these mechanisms helps decrease blood glucose levels. Insulin glargine works through the same mechanism to help decrease blood glucose levels in individuals with type 2 diabetes. However, it is modified to be long-acting, have peak effects aorund 8 hours and lasting for about 24 hours.
720501213	Insulin glarine is an agonsit that targets adipose tissue, muslce cells, and the liver. Specifically, it targets the insulin receptors At the target tissues. Insulin receptors derive from the receptor tyrosine kinase family. Once insulin glargine binds to the IR, it induces a conformational change on the RTK dimer, which allows the intracellular tyrosin domain of the IR to undergo autophosphorylation. Once the IR is activated it increases glucose uptake by the target cells by increasing the expression of GLUT transporters on the membranes of target cells.
730339832	Insulin glargine is an analog of the endogenous hormone insulin, and it acts as an agonist to the insulin receptor located throughout many tissues in the body but primarily having effects in the context of glycemic control in the liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue. Normally, when insulin binds its insulin receptor, the receptor dimerizes and is autophosphorylated, leading to intercellular signaling cascades that increase glucose uptake in the 3 tissues previously mentioned, increase glucose-phosphorylating enzymes to maintain the gradient of glucose influx, and activates glycogen synthesis specifically in the liver. Insulin glargine can potentiate the effects of endogenous insulin in T2D, or replace the absent endogenous insulin in T1D, to stimulate glucose uptake from the bloodstream and reduce hyperglycemia that is a hallmark of Diabetes Mellitus.
730300837	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor (IR) agonist. Insulin receptors are a part of the receptor tyrosine class and are located on skeletal muscle cells, adipose tissue cells (adipocytes), and liver cells (hepatocytes). In normal physiology, IR ligand-binding results in the increased uptake of glucose from the blood and therefore a decrease in blood glucose. In skeletal muscle cells and adipocytes, insulin causes the upregulation of the glucose transporter GLUT4 as well as the activation of hexokinase, which phosphorylates glucose and promotes glycolysis. In liver cells, IR ligand-binding results in the activation of glucokinase, which phosphorylates glucose for glycolysis, and glygogen synthase, which forms glycogen from glucose. Insulin glargine acts like endogenous insulin in binding the IR. This binding causes a relaxation in the structure of IR, which is present as a dimer, and allows for the phosphorylation of tyrosine residues on the dimer. This phosphorylation results in an active receptor and allows for it to bind effector proteins and enact its effects in the cells. These effects, described earlier, result in a decrease in blood glucose concentration and a treatment of the hyperglycemic state that is hallmark to Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM).
730169512	Insulin glargine is a competitive agonist of the Insulin Receptor (IR), which is normally found on liver cells, muscles cells, and adipose cells. The IR in normal physiology increases the amount of GLUT2 presented on the liver cell, which is used to increase the uptake of glucose into liver cells and also it increases glycogen synthesis and phsorylation of glucose in liver cells (which leads to increase glycolysis of glucose to produce ATP). Normally, IR also leads to the increase in GLUT4 transporter density on skeletal and adipose cells, whihc leads to increase in phsorylation of glucose in those cells (leading to production of ATP). In people who type 2 diabetes, their target cells do not respond well to endogenous insulin, so they are not able to uptake glucose into the cells and increase the amount of GLUT2 or 4 transporters on thier cell surfaces to control their hyperglycemia, so glucose glargine is used as a substitue for endogenous insulin to help target cell respond betetr to increase and lead to better control of hyperglycemia and decrease of glucose levels in the blood.
730004785	Insulin glargine is a synthetic insulin typically used to treat patients with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus. Insulin glargine (Lantus, Toujeo (solostar) is an insulin receptor agonist. The drugs target is the insulin receptor which is located on the liver cells. The role of the insulin receptor when activated is ultimately to reduce hyperglycemia by increasing the density of GLUT4 transporters on cell surfaces in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue, increasing glucose phosphorylation in skeletal muscle, adipose tissue and liver cells and increasing glycogen biosynthesis in the liver. Insulin glargine stimulates the actions previously described when it binds to the insulin receptors after being injected subcutaneously.
730338642	Insulin glargine or humalog is a insulin that targets the agonist insulin receptor. The insulin receptor is a receptor tyrosine kinase which is responsible for the autophosphorylation of tyrosine residues within the liver. The drug&#39;s role physiologically is to treat Diabetes Mellitus by initiating the uptake of glucose in muscle and adipose cells as well as store it in the liver to later be use metabolically in glycolysis and the Kreb&#39;s Cycle. This can also be done by increasing the number of GLUT transporters to increase blood glucose levels. GLUT 2 is located on the pancreas while GLUT4 is located on the liver.
730305018	Insulin glargine (Lantus, Toujeo) is an agonist for the insulin receptor. The insulin receptor is found primarily in liver cells, and insulin secreted by pancreatic beta cells is its endogenous ligand. Insulin binding to the insulin receptor in liver causes glucose uptake by inducing expression of more glucose transporters as well as glucose storage in the form of glycogen by increasing expression of more glyogen synthesis enzymes like glyogen synthase. Giving patients an external source of insulin therefore reduces the concentration of glucose in the blood to decreae hyperglycemia which is charateristic of patients with diabetes mellitus.
730308957	The pharmacologic role of insulin glargine (Lantus) is to act as an agonist to the insulin receptor in the liver. The role of the insulin receptor in normal physiology is to bind to endogenous insulin to stimulate glucokinase and hexokinase to phosphorylate glucose to keep it in the cells, as well as, increase the amount of GLUT4 transporters on cell surfaces to increase the uptake of glucose and glycogen synthase to convert glucose to glycogen for storage. The outcomes necessary to respond to the pathophysiology of Type I Diabetes Mellitus is to use insulin glargine in the absense of endogenous insulin to bind to the insulin receptor (RTK), causing a conformational &quot;relaxation&quot; of an alpha-helix at the C-terminal to allow autophosphorylation of the tyrosines to cause those downstream effects discussed above since patients with TI do not synthesize insulin.
730300665	Insulin glargine (Brand name: Lantus Solostar) is an agonist of the Insulin Receptor (IR). The IR is a type of Receptor Tyrosine Kinase (RTK) that undergoes an induced ligand-receptor heterodimer and auto-phosphorylation of the tyrosine residues when insuline glargine binds with the receptor. The polypeptide endogenous insulin is secreted from the beta cells of the pancreas and helps to decrease blood glucose levels by stimulating glucose re-uptake from the blood into liver cells to be converted into glycogen, or into skeletal muscle and adipose cells. Insulin glargine follows this same mechanism of action for targeting IR. Insulin glargine Type 1 diabetes mellitus by reducing hyperglycemia and restoring blood glucose levels to a normal range.
730090428	Insuline glargine (Lantus, Toujeo) is an agonist. Its target is the insulin receptor found on the liver cells. The insulin receptor&#39;s normal target is insulin and it causes increased glycogen biosynthesis in the liver cells, increased glucose phosphorylation in skeletal muscle, adipose, and liver tissue, and increases the GLUT4 transporter density found on the cell surfaces of skeletal muscle and adipose tissue, resulting in a decrease of hyperglycemia found in Type 2 diabetes.
730356527	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor (IR) agonist. IR&#39;s are found in adipose and muscle cells as well as in liver cells. Under normal physiological conditions, when blood glucose levels are high, pancreatic beta cells are stimulated to release insulin, which circulates in the blood stream to get to the target cells. In the target cells, when insulin binds to the IR, the cells are stimulated to uptake glucose from the blood, and either use it as energy, or store it by converting it to glycogen, therefore reducing levels of glucose in the blood stream. When beta cells are unable to produce insulin, insulin glargine can be used to mimic these effects of insulin and binds to the IR&#39;s. Since insulin glargine is a long-acting insulin, it can have effects that last about 24 hours.
730013843	(1) insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist. (2) the target of insulin glargine is the insulin receptor, which is a type of receptor tyrosine kinase, located on target tissues such as the liver, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. The insulin receptor is especially expressed on hepatocytes. (3) normally, the insulin receptor responds to endogenous insulin which is released by pancreatic beta cells upon ingesting a carbohydrate meal. The insulin activates the insulin receptor which signals target tissues to uptake glucose via their glucose transporters (GLUT4=skeletal and adipose; GLUT2=liver), reducing blood glucose levels. (4)insulin agonists binds to the insulin receptor and induce a conformational change leading to dimerization of the receptor tyrosine kinase units, wherein the close proximity of the receptor tyrosine kinase units permits auto cross-phosphorylation of each unit&#39;s tyrosine residue. Then, the activated receptor tyrosine kinase units can phosphorylate and activate other downstream proteins leading to a phosphorylation cascade. Ultimately, this leads to glucose uptake in the target tissues which is facilitated by increasing respective GLUT transporters on the target tissues cells. In the liver, glycolytic (glucokinase) and glycogen synthesis (glycogen synthase) enzymes are activated, which phosphorylate glucose to form glucose-6-phosphate (G6P). This phosphorylation maintains the glucose concentration gradient, and G6P is also an important substrate of glycolysis and glycogen synthesis. Ultimately, lower blood glucose is achieved by liver tissue uptake and carrying glucose through these metabolic pathways. Additionally, glucose phosphorylation is also increasd in skeletal and adipose tissue, also permitting entrance into the glycolytic metabolic pathway, also contributing to lower blood glucose.
730094799	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist which stimulates the insulin receptor, thereby causing upregulation of glucose transporters and glycolysis in the liver. Insulin receptors are receptor tyrosine kinases, protein dimers located on the cell surfaces of muscle and adipose tissue. Insulin binds the receptor on the extracellular domain, causing a conformational change and autophosphorylation of selective tyrosine residues on the intracellular domain. Autophosphorylation results in activation of the receptor and recruitment of regulatory proteins to increase transcription of GLUT4 on muscle and adipose tissue cells and increase glycogen biosyntheis in liver cells. These outcomes caused by endogenous insulin and insulin analogs work to lower blood glucose, a hallmark trait in the pathophysiology of diabetes.
730340514	Insulin glargine is a long acting insulin receptor agonist that binds to and activates insulin receptors (IRs) primarily found in the liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue. Endogenous insulin normally binds to IR, a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK), causes a conformational change that allows the RTK to autophosphorylate and become active. The active receptor then phosphorylates and modifies the activity of various downstream enzymes. As a result, cells upregulate glucose transport by inserting more glucose transporters (Glut2 in liver and Glut4 in skeletal muscle), as well as upregulating glycolysis and glycogen synthesis by increasing the phosphorylation of imported glucose, which also maintains the concentration gradient. Exogenous insulins, such as insuling glargine, also activate these receptors to increase glucose transport and glucose metabolism in the cell, and decrease the concentration of plasma glucose (hyperglycemia), which is characteristically elevated in diabetes mellitus.
730004256	Insulin glargine is an agonist drug in the insulin drug class family. Insulin glargline binds to the insulin receptor, a receptor tyrosine kinase, on the liver and induces a conformational change where there is autophosporylation of the insulin receptor, activating it. In normal physiology, insulin binds to the insulin receptor on the liver which leads to an increase of GLUT 4 receptors and glucose uptake in the muscle cells and adipose tissue as well as increase glucose storage as glycogen in the liver. When Insulin glargline binds to the insulin receptor and activates it through the autophosphorylation process, the effects include increasing expression of the GLUT 4 receptors increasing glucose uptake in the muscles, increasing hexokinase and glucokinase to stimulate glucose phosphorylation and increasing glycogen storage in the liver. Insulin glargine is used lower blood glucose levels to treat Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
720158983	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist. Normally, when endogenous insulin binds to insulin receptors in the liver, cells are stimulated to uptake glucose from the blood and increase glycogen biosynthesis. Insulin glargine mimics the effects of endogenous insulin when it binds to the insulin receptor, thus reducing hyperglycemia in patients with diabetes mellitus.
730364730	Insulin glargine is a type of insulin that binds to insulin receptors found on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, insulin should be secreted when there is a high concentration of glucose in the blood. However, this is not the case with patients who are diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes. When insulin glargine binds to the insulin receptor, it will decrease glucose in the blood stream by increasing the secretion of insulin. It is also considered to be a rapid-acting insulin because of the modifications on the C-terminus of its amino acids. Insulin glargine is used for those who are hyperglycemic and cannot increase secretion of insulin without using drugs such as insulin analogs.
730304969	Insulin glargine (lantus/toujeo(solostar) is a prolonged-acting insulin. It acts as an agonist that binds to insulin receptors on the liver, adipose tissue, and muscles. When the concentration of glucose in the blood is high, pancraetic beta cells will release insulin. The insulin will bind to the liver cells in order to activate glucokinase, which phosphorylates glucose, and it also actiavtes glycogen synthase, which allows for the storage of glucose as glycogen. Upon binding to the muscle and adipose tissue, insulin will activates hexokinase, which phosphorylates glucose, and it also increases the amount of GLUT4 transporters on the surface of the cells. As a result, more gluocse will be taken up from the blood and turned into glycogen. This is helpful for treating patients with hyperglycemia/diabetes because there will be overall less glucose within the bloodstream.
730338011	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist that primarily targets insulin receptors on liver cells (although there are insulin receptors all throughout the body, including on skeletal muscle tissue and adipose tissue). Insulin receptors are receptor tyrosine kinases that respond to endogenous insulin; upon binding of insulin, the receptor dimerizes and autophosphorylates, triggering a signaling cascade that ultimately increases expression of GLUT4 receptors and thereby increases glucose uptake into liver cells, where it is either used for energy or converted to glycogen for storage. In patients with diabetes, either the patient is not producing enough insulin or the IRs have become desensitized to insulin, so insulin glargine would be used to increase the amount of insulin available for the patients&#39; bodies to use. It functions similarly to endogenous insulin by activating the IRs and decreasing blood glucose.
730364567	Insulin glargine is a long-acting insulin analog that acts as an agonist to the insulin receptor. Insulin glargine is delivered to the bloodstream and acts on insulin receptors on target organs such as adipose tissue and muscle cells to take up glucose from the bloodstream, and the liver to store glycogen. Because Insulin glargine is developed to be long lasting, it aggregates in the subcutaneous tissue before slowly breaking off and being absorbed into the bloodstream. It lasts up to 24 hours and does not exactly have a peak release period. Insulin glargine binds to its receptor, causing the tyrosine residues to autophosphorylate each other, which leads to an increase in the glucose transporters that take up glucose into the cells and causes a decrease in gluconeogensis but allows glycogen synthesis to occur, resulting in a decrease in the level of glucose in the blood.
730301186	Insulin glargine is in the insulin drug class, which acts as an agonist to the insulin receptor. The drug targets the insulin receptor on liver cells. In normal physiology, insulin binds to the RTK insulin receptor to express genes that induce the storage of glucose in the liver and the uptake of glucose in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. In diabetes, hyperglycemia occurs due to insulin resistance or destroyed pancreatic beta cells that secrete insulin. Injecting one with an insulin receptor agonist therapeutically increases skeletal muscle and adipose tissue glucose uptake by increasing the amount of GLUT-4 receptors on the cells to transport glucose, increases liver storage of glucose by increasing the activity of enzymes responsible for glycogen biosynthesis, and increases the activity of enzymes responsible for glycolysis. This combination works to reduce the hyperglycemic character of Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
730345314	The pharmacologic role of insulin glargine is agonist activity of the insulin receptor. As mentioned before it acts upon the insulin receptor abbreviated IR. Normally, the IR is stimulated by insulin which upregulates the expression of GLUT4 in the skeletal muscle and adipose tissue to increase the uptake of glucose for metabolic activities. In treating diabetes, the administration of insulin glargine stimulates this pathway that induces glucose uptake thus reducing the characteristic symptom of hyperglycemia.
730306008	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agaonist. Insulin receptors are located in liver cells, skeletal muscle cells, and adipose tisses. Normally, insulin receptors increase glucose uptake in skeletal muscles and adipose tissues by increasing GLUT4 tranasporter density on cell curfaces. In addition, they increase phosphylation of glucose in liver, skeletal muscles, and adipose tissue. They also increase glycogen biosynthesis in the liver. Insulin glargine binds to insulin receptor and increase its activity, which leads to decrease in plasma glucose concentration and reduce hyperglycemia which are characteristics of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730170040	Insulin glargine (Lantus/Toujeo (SoloStar)) is a long-acting agonist to the insulin receptor in the liver, muscle, and adipose tissue. In normal physiology, insulin upregulates GLUT4 receptors on the liver, muscle, and adipose tissue to increase uptake of glucose into the cells. It also acts to increase hexokinase to start glycogen synthesis, phosphorylates glucose, and de-phosphorylates glycogen synthase to start glycogen synthesis in the liver cells. Insulin glargine mimics insulin, but is modified to be longer-lasting by modifying the C-terminal and primarily treats Type 1 diabetes.
730335117	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist in liver cell, muscle cell and adipose cell. It enhances glucokinase and thus increase glycogen biosynthesis. It also enhance hexokinase thus increase ATP synthesis by using glucose. It also increase glucose transporters and thus increase glucose uptake, which further decrease blood glucose level. It is widely used for Type I and Type II DM.
730075914	Insulin glargine is an exogenous insulin analog that acts as an agonist to the insulin receptor which is a receptor tyrosine kinase located on the cell surface of liver cells. Normally, the insulin receptor gets activated by endogenous insulin where it undergoes auto-phosphorylation to become active and then signals into the cell to increase production of glucokinase and hexokinase as well as stimulate the uptake of glucose from the bloodstream by increasing the number of GLUT4 transporters. The signal from insulin also stimulates the uptake of glucose into the liver cells to be stored as glycogen. Insulin glargine is used to treat Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus as this is a disease in which the body does not produce insulin from the pancreatic beta cells and therefore exogenous insulin is given via subcutaneous injection to adjust for this.
730300294	Insulin glargine, or Lantus, is an agonist of the insulin receptor. This receptor is found mainly on pancreatic beta cells (also liver cells, adipose tissue, skeletal muscle cells). Normally, insulin binds to this receptor and causes the receptor to increase the number of glut2 and glut4 transporters to uptake glucose, and they increase insulin secretion. When a patient is diabetic, they either do not have enough insulin or are not responding to the insulin that they do have, therefore they are treated with synthetic insulin, such as insulin glargine to ilicit the same response. Insulin also causes an increase in glycolysis and a decrease in gluconeogensis. Additionally, it makes sure that there is not inappropriate release of glycogen from the pancreatic alpha cells. Therefore, being treated with insulin will help lower a patient&#39;s blood glucose levels by increasing the uptake of glucose, glycolysis, and glycogen biosynthesis and decreasing glycogen release and gluconeogensis. Once the glucose is taken up by the cells, insulin also has an effect to increase the levels of glucokinase, which phosphorylates glucose into G6P, a precursor for glycolysis.
730296888	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist that binds to insulin receptors on pancreatic beta cells and is used to treat type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Insulin glargine mimics the activity of endogenous insulin which normally binds to the insulin receptor to stimulate insulin secretion which in turn stimulates glucose uptake in skeletal muscle cells and adipose cells and glycogen synthesis in the liver thereby reducing blood glucose concentration.
730222792	Insulin glargine is a insulin like polypeptide hormone drug that acts as agonist of insulin receptors(IR) located in liver cells. Normally IR is activated by endogenous insulin to stimulate glucose uptake in muscle cells by increasing Glut4 channels, glucose phosphorylation, and glucose storage in the liver by stimulating glycogenisis. By doing so, insulin causes a decrease in blood glucose levels. When insulin glargine binds to IR it mimics insulin and causes the recpetor kinase to become autophosphoralated which down stream effects cause uptake of glucose in muscle cells as well glycogenisis in the liver; this is beneficial to patients with type 1 and 2 diabetes mellutus, [which the disease state are categonized by the pancreas being unable to produce normal iendogenous insulin (Type 1) and/or the body becoming insulin resistant/ unable to bind endogenous insulin efficiently (Type 2),] because it acts as replacement/ supplement hormone replacement of the endogenous hormone.
730014819	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist primarily in liver cells. Normally, upon binding of insulin, the insulin receptor upregulates glucose transporters and glycogen biosynthesis enzymes. Therefore, insulin glargine promotes glucose uptake and storage in glycogen to lower blood glucose levels and treat hyperglycemia characteristic of diabetes mellitus.
730000406	Insulin glargine (Lantus) is an agonist that targets the insulin receptor found on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, insulin binds to the insulin receptor when high levels of glucose are present in order to regulate blood glucose levels. Insulin glargine works by binding to the insulin receptor to activate expression of genes which leads to an increase in the expression of glucose transporters and thus, an increase in glycogen synthesis. Insulin glargine is used to treat type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730336626	Insulin glargine (Lantus) is a long acting synthetic insulin used to treat insulin deficiency. Insulin glargine is an agonist to the Insulin Receptor (IR) found on pancreatic B-Cells. In normal physiology, insulin binding to the IR triggers glucose uptake into the cell, glucose phosphorylation and metabolism, and eventual release of insulin from granule cells in the B-cell. This release of insulin further tirggers increased glucose uptake into cells to maintain homeostatic blood glucose levels. Patients with insulin deficiency (primarily type 1 diabetics and some advanced type 2 diabetics) produce little to no functioning insulin, and cannot adequately respond to glucose levels in the blood. This lack of response is characterized by presistant hyperglycemia and is the first step in disease progression. Insulin glargine (Lantus) is a long acting insulin, meaning that it provides a baseline insulin level for diabetic patients that lasts for 24 hours. This baseline enables the body to preform insulin independant glucose uptake into the cells, and reduces the overall blood glucose of the patient.
730163464	Insulin glargine (brand name: Lantus, Toujeo) is an agonist of the insulin receptor (IR). The IR is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) on the surface of liver cells. In normal physiology, the IR is bound by endogenous insulin to promote, via GLUT4 and GLUT2 channels, the liver to take up circulating blood glucose and skeletal muscle and adipose tissue to store it, as well as glycogen biosynthesis. The primary disease state treated with insulin glargine is type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), in which normal insulin production has been altered. Insulin glargine acts as an insulin analog to reduce the hyperglycemia associated with T2DM.
730309616	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist. The insulin receptor is located on cells in the liver. Normally, the insulin receptor binds insulin, which causes increased glucose phosphorylation and glycogen synthesis and decreases the amount of glucose in the blood. In patients with diabetes, the body does not produce insulin or cells have become resistant to insulin. By supplying exogenous insulin like insulin glargine, the insulin receptors are able to bind insulin and phosphorylate glucose and synthsize glycogen. This reduces the hyperglycemia that is characteristic of diabetes.
730004713	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor (IR) agonist. IR is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) located on liver cells. In normal physiology, upon binding of insulin glargine to IR, two adjacent tyrosine kinase domains located within the cell dimerize and phosphorylate one another. After dimerization and phosphorylation, the IR is active. Once IR is activated, increased expression of GLUT4 (a glucose transporter) occurs, which causes increased glucose uptake and storage in muscle cells and adipocytes. There is also decreased gluconeogenesis. The effects of insulin glargine binding to IR lower the concentration of glucose in blood plasma, which decreases hyperglycemia associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730324249	Insulin glargine is an insulin analoug that acts as an agonist and binds to insulin receptors. Insulin receptors are a type of of receptor tyrosine kinase. When endogenous insulin or an insulin analoug such as insulin glargine bind to the insulin receptor dimer, there is a confirmational change in the intracellular portion of the receptor which enables autophosphorylation. Autophosphorylation of the receptor stimulates down stream effects that decrease blood glucose and increase glycogen synthesis. These effects include an increase in the glucose transport protein, Glut4, in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue and an increase in glucose phosphorylation to stimulate glycogen synthesis and storage in the liver. As an insulin analoug, insulin glargine is used to treat Type I Diabetes Mellitus. In patients with Type I Diabetes Mellitus, beta cells of the pancreas do not produce insulin and therefore have hyperglycemia and require subcutaneous administration of drugs such as insulin glargine to maintain normal blood glucose levels.
730305081	Insulin glargine (Lantus) is an agonist of the insulin receptor (IR). The insulin receptor is located on the cells of the liver. In normal physiology, insulin activates the insulin receptor, which causes upregulation of glucose transporters and increased biosynthesis of glycogen enzymes. Insulin glargine also acts on the insulin receptor which leads to the upregulation of glucose transporters and increased biosynthesis of glycogen enzymes. Thus, insulin glargine improves hyperglycemia (lowering blood glucose) that is characteristic of diabetes.
730338500	insulin glargine (brand name: Lantus) is a drug used to treat both Type and 2 Diabetes Mellitus under the drug class of Insulin. Diabetes Mellitus is characterized with hyperglycemic activity which is combatted by insulin. Lantus acts as an insulin receptor agonist and targets the Insulin Receptor which is a Receptor Tyrosine Kinase. In normal physiology, RTKs are used to phosphorylate and activate other proteins. As the drug binds the receptor, the receptor undergoes a conformational change causing autophosphorylation of the TK domain of the receptor. This allows for the phsophorylation cascade of other proteins leading to the upregulation of GLUT-4 gene expression. This brings more transporters to the cell to increase glucose uptake. Insulin activity in muscles and adipose tissue upregulate GLUT-4 transporters and activate hexokinase for glucose phosphorylation. In the liver, insulin activity activates glucokinase for glucose phosphorylation and glycogen synthase for glycogen biosynthesis. All of these mechanisms work to lower the amount of glucose present in blood for diabetic patients.
730013201	Insulin glargine is a direct agonist of insulin receptors (IR), which are mainly located on the cell membranes of the liver, skeletal muscle tissues, and adipose tissues. Normally, when insulin binds to the IR, IR increases glucose uptake in muscle and fat cells and glycogen synthesis in liver cells. Both results in decrease blood glucose level. By mimicing the endogenous insulin, insulin glargine reduces hyperglycemia in patients with primarily Diabetes Mellitus Type I, which is characterized by insulin deficiency due to destruction of pancreatic beta cells.
720517743	Insulin glargine is used as an insulin receptor agonist. The drug works on the receptors by increasing their affinity to release insulin over an extended period of time. Under normal circumstances, these receptors sense high levels of glucose in the blood and will release insulin as needed. In the disease state however, these receptors do not have as high of an affinity to sense glucose in the blood and thus do not release insulin properly. Insulin glargine acts to increase the activity of these receptors over so they are able to sense blood glucose more readily and release insulin.
730341519	1/2) Insulin glargine is an agonist for the insulin receptor (IR) which is a receptor tyrosine kinase on the cell surface of liver cells, as well as muscle and adipose cells. 3) In normal physiology, the insulin receptor is activated by insulin binding and acts as a kinase to phosphorylate downstream messengers leading to increased glucose uptake via increasing number of glucse transporters on the cell surface. Additionally, in liver cells, IR activation leads to increased glucose storage by upregulating key enzymes in glycogen synthesis. 4) Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus patients have insulin insensitivity and often underproduce insulin leading to hyperglycemia. Insulin agonists are used to counteract these issues by activating the IR which stimulates glucose uptake and usage by muscle, liver, and adipose cells as well as glucose storage by liver cells, thus reducing plasma glucose levels.
730349484	The insulin drug acts as an agonist when it binds to Insuiln receptors (IR). Insulin receptors are found on liver cells, skeletal muscle, and on adipose tissue cells. Normally glucose would be taken up by GLUT (GLUT2 if in liver, GLUT4 if in skeletal muscle or adipose), phosphorylated which woudl create ATP, this would affect Katp channels, depolarize the cell allowing calcium channels to open, and calcium would signal the release of insulin. Insulin then would target the Insulin receptor and activate hexokinases or synthases. Insulin would then lead to an increased number of glucose transporters in target cells, and an increase in glycogen biosynthesis. By increasing the number of glucose transporters, there will be an increase in the amount of glucose taken in to the cell and a decrease of free floating glucose in the blood. An increase in glycogen biosynthesis is would also decrease the amount of glucose that would be in the blood. The outcome would be increased glucose receptors, increased glycogen biosynthesis, decreased blood glucose which would help in type 2 DM. THe therapuetic effect would be decreased of hyperglycemia which is a characteristic of diabetes.
730300545	Insulin glargine works in treating diabetes by acting as an agonist. The drug&#39;s target and location site are beta cells in the liver. The target&#39;s role in normal physiology includes increasing or decreasing blood glucose levels depending on the amount of insulin in the body, which can be dependent on a variety of factors. The molecular outcomes necessary for the therapeutic activities in responses to the pathophysiology associated with diabetes includes increasing glycogen biosynthesis in the liver cells, increasing glucose phosphorylation in the liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissues, and increasing GLUT4 transporter density on cell surfaces in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue.
730304972	Insulin glargine (Lantus) is a synthetic insulin (peptide) hormone that is used for the treatment of Type 1 diabetes mellitus. The endogenous peptide hormone, insulin, typically activates the insulin receptor (IR). The IR is part of the receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) family. Normally, the IR is located in liver cells. The endogenous insulin binds to the IR which caues the up-regulation of GLUT transporters on the cell surface. This binding of the endogenous insulin to the IR leads to increased gene expression of the GLUT transporters in order to increase the uptake of glucose in the liver cells. An increase in the uptake of glucose stimulates the release of insulin from pancreatic beta cells to decrease blood glucose levels. Insulin glargine binds to the IR to produce similar effects as the endogenous insulin hormone. Therefore, insulin glargine stimulates the release of insulin from pancreatic beta cells through increased uptake of glucose in the liver to decrease hyperglycemia and treat type 1 diabetes mellitus. This is an effective treatment for type 1 diabetes because type 1 diabetes is caused by an autoimmune disorder where there is absolute deficiency in the production of the endogenous insulin hormone molecule.
730304973	Insuline glargine is an agonist for the insulin receptor located at the beta cells inside the pancreas. In normal physiology, the insulin will promote glucose storage in the liver (GLUT2) and glucose uptake in the adipose and skeletal muscle (GLUT4). This causes the high blood glucose levels to decrease as glucose is leaving the bloodstream for other areas. Insulin glargine stimulates insulin secretion by being an agonist for the insulin receptor. It does the same thing as insulin except insulin glargine is considered a prolonged release of insulin. It also can activate hexokinase to increase glucose phosphorylation. This stops the glucose from leaving the cells by making a gradient. It would also activate glycogen synthase to increase glycogen biosythesis.
730012843	Insulin glargine (brand name Lantus) is an agonist of the insulin receptors on the liver. When the insulin receptor is normally activated, it stimulates an increase in glycolysis and a decrease in gluconeogenesis. In type 1 diabetes mellitus, a patient&#39;s body doesn&#39;t produce insulin to activate the insulin receptor, so insulin glargine can be used to activate this receptor to decrease blood glucose. In type 2 diabetes mellitus, insulin receptors are desensitized, so insulin glargine activates insulin receptors in order to break down glucose.
730324303	1)Insuline glargine acts as agonist for insulin receptor on pancreatic beta cell. 2) The drug&#39;s target is insulin receptor which is a protein kinase receptor located on the membrane of pancreatic beta cell. 3) When bound by insulin, the protein kinase receptor (PKR) for insulin dimerizes and autophosphorilates each other using the enzyme kinase. When phosphorilated, the receptor becomes active and signals to ultimately increase expression of GLUT2 and GLUT4 in liver, adipocytes, and muscle cells to take up glucose, reducing hyperglycemia.
720451649	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor (IR) found on the surface of cell types, such as liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue. Insulin binds to the insulin receptor which causes increased expression of glucose transporters, so there are more copies of them on the cell surface. This allows glucose to be taken up in the skeletal muscle and adipose tissue to be converted into energy. Binding of the insulin receptor also decreases the phosphorlyation of glycogen synthase to allow glycogen synthesis, so that the liver can store glucose as glycogen. Insulin glargine acts like insulin, so it will bind to the insulin receptor and be an agonist for the receptor. Insulin glargine will have the same effects as endogenous insulin, so insulin glargine will help reduce blood glucose levels, which helps treat diabetes mellitus, especially in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
730304974	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor located on liver, muscle, and adipose cells. Normally, insulin increases glucose uptake in these cells by increasing the expression of GLUT4 receptors, increasing glucose phosphorylation, as well as increasing the activity of glycogen synthase to store the glucose. Insulin glargine has the same effect in order to decrease blood glucose to treat hyperglycemia, which is typical in diabetes.
730020056	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor found on skeletal muscle cells, adipocytes, and liver cells. In normal physiology, the insulin receptor causes increased uptake of glucose by upregulating synthesis of GLUT4 in the target cells. Insulin also activates hexokinase to increase glucose phosphorylation and glycogen synthase to increase glycogen biosynthesis. As an agonist, insulin glargine works by activating the insulin receptor, and hexokinase/glycogen synthase to increase uptake of glucose and reduce hyperglycemia in patients with diabetes.
720541446	Insulin glargine is an insulin analog and an agonist to insulin receptors found in the muscle and adipose cells and hepatocytes. When bound by insulin and/or its analogs, insulin receptors (IR) will increase glucose uptake in muscle cells and adipocytes by increasing the transcription of glucose transporter, GLUT4, as well as, activate hexokinase to phosphorylate glucose into glucose-6-phosphate (G6P), stimulating glycolysis. IR will also increase glucose storage within liver cells by activating glycogen synthase, a molecule consisting of polymerized glucose (acts as a glucose storage molecule), and activating glucokinase which also phosphorylates glucose. Overall, this antidiabetic agent for type 2 diabetes mellitus decreases blood glucose levels by encouraging further glucose uptake by muscle cells and adipocytes and glucose storage by glycogen in hepatocytes.
730014494	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist. It targets insulin receptors which are found in the liver, skeletal muscles, and adipose tissue. In normal physiology, the insulin receptor is activated by insulin to increase the amount of glucose transporters on the cell membrane and to increase glycogen biosynthesis enzymes. Insulin glargine stimulates the insulin receptor in this way, which causes the cells to take up more glucose from the blood and store it as glycogen, therefore reducing hyperglycemia which is a charactersitic of diabetes mellitus.
730305979	Insulin glargine is an agonist. It&#39;s target is the insulin receptor, a receptor tyrosine kinase, located on the liver cells. Normally, glucose is taken up by GLUT-2. The phosphorylation of glucose inside the liver cells increases the concentration of ATP in the cells, which then increases the concentration of potassium, depolarizing the cell. The influx of calcium into the cell results in the release of insulin from the vesicles and into the bloodstream. Insulin glargine increases the glucose-dependent insulin secretion and glycogen biosynthesis by increasing the expression of GLUT-2 receptors. This lowers the concentration of blood glucose.
720401318	Insulin glargine acts a an insulin receptor agonist. The insulin receptor is located on cells in the liver and is apart of the RTK family. In normal physiology the insulin receptor increases glucose uptake in the blood and promote glycogen biosynthesis. When insulin binds to the insulin receptor, the glucose uptake regulation in the blood increases, GLUT 4 transporter density on cells surfaces increases, glycogen biosynthesis increase and hyperglycemia is lowered, which is a characteristic of type 2 diabetes.
730344044	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor (IR), which is present many different tissues in the body, including the liver. When the insulin receptor is activated, it signals for transcription of factors that increase glycogen biosynthesis and expression of glucose transporters (GLUT4) in the cell membranes of different body tisses (e.g. skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, etc.), this systemically regulates the levels of blood glucose. Diabetic patients may lack sufficient insulin secretion for proper blood glucose maintenance, so insuline glargine acts as an exogenous insulin source to treat the hyperglycemia characteristic of diabetes mellitus.
730342829	Insulin glargine is a long-acting insulin that provides peak affects at 6-8hours but is believed to last 24 hours in the system. Insulin binds to Insulin Receptors in the liver. These receptors are of the RTK family, and the insulin ligand binds to the extracellular process of the receptor. When this molecule is bound, a small conformational change occurs in the two subsequent RTK receptors in the cell membrane so that dimerization occurs as well as auto-phosphorylation of the tyrosine residue intracellularly. The activated intracellular process goes on to influence glucose absorption in the Liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue to decrease the amount of free glucose in the system and promote glycogen biosynthesis for the storage of glucose. Insulin achieves this goal by increasing the density of glucose receptors on the surface (GLUT4 in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue cells)(GLUT2 in liver cells). Overall, insulin types (including insulin glargine) prevent hyperglycemia by acting as an agonist for glucose reuptake receptors in the cells of the liver, skeleetal muscle, and adipose tissue.
730361796	insulin glargine is an agonist of the Insulin Receptors (IR) which are found on the liver cells. Normally, IR binds to insulin hormones to upregulate the expression of glucose transporters and the glycogen biosynthesis enzymes. insulin glargine binds to IR to lower blood glucose level and decrease hyperglymecia which are characteristics of diabetes.
730009316	(1) Insulin glargine is a direct insulin agonist that targets insulin receptors (2) located in the liver, the skeletal muscles, and the adipose tissue. Insulin receptors are RTKs (receptor tyrosine kinases), and when activated by the binding of of the endocrine hormone insulin, the receptor triggers the cells to begin uptaking glucose. It also causes the liver to begin synthesizing more glycogen which stores glucose. Overall, the effect reduces the amount of insulin the blood stream and allows for the metabolization of glucose. (4) The insulin receptor is a heterodimer which is activated on the extracellular side by insulin. The insulin binds to the extracellular domain causing the receptor to dimerize, allowing the intracellular domain to become phosphorylated, and thus the dimer can recruit transcription factors to carry out the cellular activity activated by insulin. Insulin glargine would take on the role of insulin in the cell.
730347896	Insulin glargine, brand name Lantus, is a rapid-acting inuslin agonist that works on the insulin receptor, which is found on skeletal muscle, apidose, and liver cells. When the insulin, or insulin agonist in this case, binds to the already dimerized RTK (the insulin receptor) is then autophosphoylated to have down stream effects to increase secretion of inuslin by liver beta cells, seen with increasing the number of glucose transporters on the cell, as well as an increase in glusose phosphorylation to help decrease the blood concentraion of glucose.
720461998	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist. Usually, the IR is located on many tissues, some examples being the liver and skeletal muscle. IR is an RTK that causes intracellular effects such as increased glucose phosphorylation (leading to intracellular glucose sequestration) and dephosphorylation of glycogen synthase (leading to glycogen synthesis). In the absence of endogenous insulin, insulin glargine is administered to mimic these effects and modulate (postprandial) hyperglycemia characteristic of diabetes mellitus. In effect, this prevents symptoms and complications of uncontrolled diabetes, namely polydipsia/uria/phagia and micro/macrovascular damage.
730078207	Insulin glargine [Brand name: Lantus, Toujeo, SoloStar] is an agonist to the insulin receptor (IR), a RTK, which is found in outer membrane liver cells, adipose tissue cells, and skeletal muscle cells. Insulin normally binds to the IR which results in the up-regulation of transcription and eventual expression for glucose transporters, such as Glut4, on the cell&#39;s surface (adipose and skeletal tissue cells) while down-regulating enzymes involved in glycogen breakdown, resulting in stimulation of glycogen biosynthesis in the liver cells. Insulin glargine acts as the ligand that endogenous insulin would be and binds to the IR to increase the transcription of glucose transporters in cells as well as stimulating glycogen biosynthesis which helps reduce the hyperglycemia often seen in patients with Type 1 Diabetes.
730006868	Insulin glargine, brand name Lantus, is a long acting insulin given to patients typically with Type 1 diabetes. The drug binds to the insulin receptor, a receptor tyrosine kinase as an agonsit to the receptor. This drug is used for people who have insufficient insulin secretion on their own and need to supplement with external insulin sources, mainly people with Type 1 diabetes. By binding to the insulin receptor, insulin glargine signals GLUT transporters to uptake glucose out of the blood and into tissue so it can be stored and/or utilized as an energy source. Additionally, insulin glargine and other insulin supplements as well as the endogenous insulin, increases glucose phosphorylation in the skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, and liver tissue to increase the amount of G6P. This slow acting insulin is specifically formed to preciptate in subcutanous tissue and slowly release itself into the blood stream over a longer period of time. This drug reduces hyperglycemia by increasing uptake of glucose into these tissue, specficially in the liver, adiopose tissue, and skeletal muscle.
730363572	Insulin glargine is an insulin agonist that binds to the insulin receptor, which is located on liver, adipose, and muscle cells. When the insulin receptor is bound by insulin glargine the receptor goes through a conformational change that allows half of the intracellular portion of the receptor to get phosphorylated by ATP, which then autophosphorylates to complete the phosphorylation of the receptor. This will cause glycogen synthesis in the target cells, which in turn will lower blood glucose levels due to the increased storage of glucose.
730364568	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor. The main location of the Its target, The insulin receptor, relevant to the desired therapeutic outcome is on the liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue. The normal physiological outcome of this receptors activity is to activate hexokinase and promote glycogen synthesis while in inhibiting gluconeogenesis in the liver, increase expression of GLUT4 and the activity of glucokinase in adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. The net outcome of these effects is increased uptake of glucose from the blood resulting in overall lower blood glucose levels. The desired therapeutic outcome for insulin glargine is to decrease blood sugar levels Via insulin receptor signaling to manage hyperglycemia in Type I diabetics
730363249	Insulin glargine (Lantus) is an exogenous insulin given to act as an agonist on the insulin receptor. The insulin receptor is located primarily in the liver, but it also exists on adipose and skeletal muscle cells. Typically, insulin receptors work as receptor tyrosine kinases (RTK) by inducing a variety of effects that increase glucose uptake from the blood, once the ligand (insulin) binds. This can include increased GLUT4 receptors, increased glycogen biosynthesis pathways, and increased glucose phosphorylation evnzymatic activity. Without a ligand being bound, the RTK insulin receptor is in its inactive form, but once the ligand (insulin) binds to the IR, it allows the domain that was blocking the kinases to conformationally fold away, allowing the RTK to autophosphorylate, activating the intracellular domain kinase to carry out its intercellular activities discussed above. Thus, insulin glargine works by increasing the amount of insulin ligand available to bind the IR and induce these respective effects for blood glucose uptake, lowering a person&#39;s blood sugar (decreasing hyperglycemia).
730338781	Insulin glargine is an agonist that acts on insulin receptors which are classified as receptor tyrosine kinases located on beta cells in the pancreas. In normal physiology, activation of beta cells leads to the production of insulin which is necessary for when consumption of food or glucose occurs. Insulin converts glucose in the blood stream to glycogen that can then be stored in tissues as reserved energy needed for later. The indication of insulin glargine is for diabetes mellitus which in this case is usually due to autoimmune destruction to beta cells which results in a loss of function. Insulin glargine acts on insulin receptors by binding and causing a conformational change of heterodimeric dimers. The addition of insulin glargine causes an increase in glycogen production as well as a decrease in glucagon activity which restores the normal physiologic blood glucose levels.
730341595	insulin glargine (brand name: Lantus, Toujeo Solo star) is an insulin receptor agonist that binds to IR located on liver cells. Insulin Receptor belongs to Receptor Tyrosine Kinase family. Normally, when insulin hormone binds to IR, the receptor responds by increasing expression of glucose transporters and thereby increasing insulin secretion. It also increases glycogen synthesis. Insulin glargine drug interacts similarly with IR leading to increased insulin secretion, decreased blood glucose levels and reduced hyperglycemia, which are linked to Diabetes Mellitus.
730015219	Normally, insulin binds to the insulin receptor (RTK family) to increase expression of glucose transporters (GLUT-4) in adipose, liver, and muscle cells. It also increases glycogen biosynthesis in liver cells. In some cases of diabetes mellitus, not enough insulin is being secreted by the pancreatic beta cells and glucose is no longer taken up by the cells causing hyperglycemia. Synthetic insulin, insulin glargine (Lantus), acts as a insulin receptor agonist to decrease glucose levels in blood, thereby decreasing hyperglycemia.
730305268	Insulin Glargine is a synthetic form of insulin that is a agonist for the Insulin Receptor (IR) found on almost all cells but are most prevelant in liver, muscle, and adipose cells. When the IR is activated, it induces the up regulation of GLUT channels (mainy in muscles and adipose tissues) and activation of glucose kinases. These changes increase the cellular uptake of glucose from the blood stream where the cell can make energy via glycolysis and oxidative phosphorylation, and glycogen synthesis. These insulins are for Type 1 diabetics who&#39;s beta cells can no longer produce their own insulin. The insullin mist be injected to avoid metabolism in the stomach. Insulin glargine would not be effective in a person with Type Two diabetes mellinus due to insulin resistence.
730305181	N/A
730300937	Insulin glargine is also known as Lantus or Toujeo. It is a insulin receptor agonist, and the target is mainly insulin receptors in liver cells. Atlhough, insulin receptors can also be found in other cells including skeletal muscle. In normal physiology insulin binds to the insulin receptor (IR) which causes an upregulation of glucose transport proteins. This causes more glucose to be brought into the cell therefore reducing overall blood glucose. When Insulin glargine is given to a patient it acts as an agonist to the IR receptor and causes an overall increase in glucose transport proteins, increase in glucose phosphorylation, and an increase in glycogen biosynthesis. This results in overall lower blood glucose.
730257887	Insulin glargine is an insulin analog that acts as an agonist on the insulin receptor (IR) which is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK). Binding of the drug to the IR located on the plasma membrane of liver cells as well as peripheral locations such as skeletal and adipose cells induces glucose uptake from the bloodstream which is the natural effect of endogenous insulin. Insulin analogs such as insulin glargine are used to reduce blood glucose levels and hyperglycemia associated with diabetes mellitus when the body does not properly make enough insulin for blood glucose reducing effects. The RTK target of insulin glargine auto-phosphorylates upon ligand binding which activates downstream effects that ultimately up-regulate the density of glucose transporters (GLUT2 in liver cells and GLUT4 in skeletal cells) on the cell surface that move glucose into the cells to lower blood glucose. The intracellular glucose is then used for glycolysis and ATP energy generation by muscle as well as storage in the form of glycogen in liver cells and fatty acids in adipose tissue.
730364945	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor (IR), which is a receptor tyrosine kinase. The insulin receptors are found on the liver cells in the body. Normally, the IR binds the hormone insulin in response to increased levels of glucose in the blood, and decreases blood glucose. Insulin glargine as a drug also binds the IR, and is used to replace or supplement the endogenous hormone. Therefore, insulin glargine binds the IR and stimulates increased expression of glycogen synthesis enzymes and glucose transporter molecules to treat hyperglycemia associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730301189	Insulin glargine (Glucotrol) is an insulin receptor agonist. It competitively binds to the insulin receptors, which are Insulin glargine&#39;s target, on the surface of beta cells of the pancreas. In normal physiology, where the pancreas produces insulin, taking insulin glargin would increase the amount of insulin in the body, causing potential hopoglycemia. In patients with Type 1 and/or Type 2 diabetes, where either the pancreas does not produce any insulins or there is an insulin resistance, adding insulin glargin (exogenous insulin) will bind to the insulin receptors, uptaking the glucose in the bloodstream. It does so by increasing GLUT4 glucose transportors in the liver and GLUT2 glucose transporters in muslces and adipose tissues. Therefore, Insulin glargine treats type 1 &amp; type 2 diabetes by binding to insulin receoptors and reducing insulin insensitivity. The ultimate goal is to increase the uptake of glucose through increased GLUT4 &amp; GLUT2 glucose transporters.
730364732	Insulin glargine is an agonist of insulin receptors (IR) in the body. These receptors, located on the liver, muscle, and adipose cells, are a part of the receptor tyrosine kinase family. Insulin is an endogenous peptide secreted by beta cells of the pancreas responsible for the lowering of blood glucose by increasing the uptake of glucose into muscle and adipose cells and promoting the storage of glucose as glycogen in the liver. The peptide insulin glargine is administered in order to treat type I diabetes mellitus which is caused by the inability of the body to secrete insulin due to a disorder of the beta cells of the pancreas. Insulin glargine is formulated to have limited solubility in the body and thus provide a steady &#39;dose&#39; of insulin over a long period of time in contrast to other medications such as insulin lispro or insulin aspart. Insulin glargine binds to the dimeric insulin receptor as an agonist and causes a conformational change allowing two tyrosine residues to come together and autophosphorylate. This autophosphorylation causes glucose uptake in the GLUT4 receptors on muscle and adipose cells as well as glucose phosphorylation. In the liver, insulin glargine causes glucose uptake through GLUT2 and increased glycogen synthesis to act as a storage vehicle for glucose. These effects result in an overall lowering of blood glucose and insulin glargine is thus used to treat hyperglycemia.
730302084	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor which belongs to the family of receptor tyrosine kinases. The insulin receptor is found on liver cells. Normally, insulin is bound by the insulin receptor which stimulates the uptake of glucose from the bloodstream and the formation of glycogen in order to lower blood glucose levels. Insulin glargine binds to the insulin receptor and causes phosphorylation of key tyrosine residues and the expression of more glucose transporters on the surface of the cell, which will result in a reduction of hyperglycemia.
730012427	Insulin glargine (Lantus) is an agonist that targets the insulin receptor mainly located in liver cells. Normally, insulin targets the insulin receptor to upregulate glucose transporters in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue, increase glycogen biosynthesis in the liver, and increase glucose breakdown in skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, and liver tissue. Both endogenous insulin and insulin glargine activate the insulin receptor, stimulating glucose-dependent insulin secretion. As a result, blood glucose levels are decreased to reduce hyperglycemia and glycemic control is enhanced. This reduction of hyperglycemia and increased glycemic control allows insulin glargine to be an effective therapeutic agent in treating type two diabetes mellitus.
730008469	Insulin glargine is a direct agonist of the insulin receptor (IR). IR is found primarly on the liver cells, as well as skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. In normal conditions, insulin is released when blood glucose levels are high causing its target cells to upregulate expression of GLUT transporters and glycogen biosynthesis enzymes causing glucose uptake from the blood and glucose storage as glycogen. In T1DM, exogenous insulin is used because the body loses the ability to produce its own insulin or functional insulin. The exogenous insulin has theraputic effects by activating the IR causing glucose uptake and storage in target tissus thereby lowering blood glucose and hyperglycemia.
730308977	Insulin glargine (Lantus SoloStar) is an exogenous insulin analog that replaces endogenous insulin action. It acts as an insulin receptor agonist, targeting insulin receptors (RTKs) mostly in the liver, and also in skeletal and adipose tissues. Normally, insulin binds to IR, and RTK, and this dimeric receptor autophosphoryates its two intracellular domains to be activated. This activation leads to further signaling cascades and changes in gene expression (increase in GLUT-4 expression in skeletal and adipose tissue) and increases glucose uptake into cells, lowering blood glucose levels. Insulin glargine is indicated for patients with Type 1 DM (B cells cannot produce endogenous insulin) or Type 2 DM (errors in insulin secretion or decreased sensitivity to insulin). Because patients may have difficulty producing endogenous insulin or cells have decreased sensitivity to insulin, Lantus helps increase glucose uptake into cells with GLUT4 expression and higher sensitivity, increase glycogen biosynthesis in the liver, and increase glucose phosphorylation to retain glucose in cells.
730304975	Insulin glargine (brand names: Lantus, Toujeo) is a long-acting injectable insulin used for the treatment of Type II diabetes mellitus. Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor (IR) agonist meaning that binding of insulin glargine to IR in the liver induces glycogen biosynthesis and uptake of glucose from blood and tissues. In normal physiology, IR responds to concentrations of glucose in the blood and stimulates insulin secretion if glucose concentrations are high. In Type II diabetes, however, the islet cells of the pancrease become resistant to insulin (receptors are inactive/desensitized). Insulin glargine&#39;s therapeutic effects are in reducing hyperglycemia by activating IR in the liver to remove glucose from blood and tissues and store the glucose in the form of glycogen.
730177416	Insulin glargine is an insulin receptor agonist meaning the drug binds to the insulin receptor and causes increased activity of the receptor. The insulin receptor is a receptor typsoine kinase (RTK) found in the membrane of liver, muscle and adipose cells. Under normal physiological conditions, when bound to endogenous insulin, the receptor will authosphorylate each of the dimers to become active and induce a signalling cascade within the cell. This cascade leads to increased expression of surface glucose transporters (GLUT2 and GLUT4) and increased glycogen synthesis and storage. This results in the transport and storage of glucose from the blood into the cells therefore reducing the amount of glucose in the blood. In people with type 1 diabetes and late stages of type 2 diabetes there is not enough endogenous insulin production to stimulate this effect due to degreadation of the &#223; cells in the pancreas. This leads to an excess of glucose in the blood. Injecting insulin glargine causes activation of the insulin receptor activity to allow for glucose to be trasported out of the blood into the cells to be stored for later use.
730309632	Insulin glargine (Lantus, or SoloStar Toujeo) is a long-acting insulin that targets the insulin receptor in the treatment of diabetes. This synthetic insulin peptide hormone is an agonist of the insulin receptor. Insulin receptors are located in the pancreatic islets. Normally, the insulin receptor functions by binding endogenous insulin produced by the body to stimulate the phosphorylation and closing of the potassium ion channels in the cell, which in turn stimualtes the opening of calcium channels in the cell, stimulating the release of insulin from insulin granules. In diabetes, enodgoenous insulin is not present due to beta cell dysfunction, thus a synthetic insulin, such as insulin glargine can be used to stimulate the insuin receptor, and induce these insulin-releasing effects to lower blood glucose levels. Insulin glargine is different from other insulins in that it has been syntehtically modified to contain alkyl substituents that prevent its degradation, allowing it to stay in circulation throughout the body for longer periods of time.
730163687	Insulin glargine (Lantus Solostar) is an Insulin Receptor agonist. It is part of the drug class insulin and targets insulin receptors in the liver, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. Insulin receptors play a role in increasing glycogen biosynthesis and increasing glucokinase activity in the liver and hexokinase acitivity in the skeletal muscle through the secretion of insulin. Insulin glargine also plays a role in decreasing gluconeogenesis. Insulin glargine is used as a long-acting insulin to treat Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and provides an exogenous source of insulin to the body.
730227103	Insulin Glargine is an insulin receptor agonist. The drug targets insulin receptors located in the liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue. The targets role in normal physiology is to act similar to endogenous insulin to increase glucose uptake and storage in the liver as glycogen, decrease gluconeogenesis in the liver, and to stimulate glucose uptake in the skeletal muscle cells and adipose cells. This drug acts as a long term exogenous insulin analog. This means that it is slowly released throughout the body over a period of 24 hours with a peak of 8 hours. This drug is administered when the patient is hyperglycemic in order to reduce their blood sugar. This would be used in order to treat a patient with type 1 diabetes, where the patients beta cells in the pancreas would not be producing insulin anymore, so exogenous insulin would be the only option for treatment. This is a good treatment for maintaining a basal rate of activity of insulin throughout the day but careful administration is necessary so the patient doesnt become hypoglycemic.
730308980	Insulin glargine, or Lantus, is a synthetic insulin that can be used to treat Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus. It acts as an agonist on its target, the insulin receptor (IR), on the cell membrane of target cells such as muscle cells, liver cells, and adipose cells. Normally, insulin receptors on target tissues respond to endogenous insulin with many different effects. In liver cells, insulin stimulates glucose uptake and glycogen biosynthesis to store the glucose. In muscle and adipose cells, insulin stimulates glucose uptake and phosphorylation. After phosphorylation, it is used in glycolysis or stored for energy in these tissue types. In order for endogenous insulin to be effective, there must not be insulin resistance in target tissues (such as is present in Type 2 DM). The insulin receptors must be capable of responding to insulin so that blood glucose levels are decreased in patients with Type 1 DM.
730084405	Insulin glargine is a long acting insulin receptor agonist. The drug targets insulin receptors of the receptor tyrosine kinase family, on the liver, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. The insulin receptor normally binds to insulin, causing a dimerization, then phosphorylation of the tyrosine intracellularly signals downstream effects to increase GLUT 4 transporters on the skeletal muscle and adipose tissue, as well as increase glucose phosphorylation and glycogen biosynthesis. Insulin glargine works as an agonist that mimicks the role of endogenous insulin to increase glucose transporters in the skeletal muscle and adipose tissue, increase glucose phosphorylation, and glycogen synthesis. This is utilized to treat type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
730042911	The drug insulin glargine acts as an agonist to the insulin receptor (IR). The insulin recepter is typically found on beta cells in the pancreas. In normal physiology, IR is stimulated by the presence of glucose to secrete insulin, which will activate target tissues to uptake glucose and increases the formation of glucagon. Insulin glargine attaches to IR and activates it in a smiliar way as naturally occuring insulin and activates hexokinase in skeletal muscle and glucokinase/glucagon synthase in the liver cells. By lowering blood sugar, the drug alleviates the hyperglycemia symptom that Type II Diabetes Mellius induces. The drug increases insulin sensitivity at the target tissues.
730301145	Insulin glargine is a reversible insulin receptor (IR) agonist that binds to the insulin receptor, a receptor tyrosine kinase. Insulin receptors are located in the liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue. Normally, endogenous insulin binding to the IR stimulates the production of GLUT-4 transporters in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue and GLUT-2 transporters in liver tissue that take up glucose from the blood as well as inhibits phosphorylation of glycogen synthase to increase glycogen synthesis in the liver. These mechanisms therefore decrease blood glucose levels. Insulin glargine mimics the effects of endogenous insulin and produces these same effects as if endogenous insulin were binding to the IR.
730043583	Insulin glarine is an insuline recptor (IR) agonist. The insulin receptor is a type of RTK on the surface and within the membrane of cells. It&#39;s target (the insulin receptor) is located on the cells of the adipose tissue, skeletal muscle, and liver cells. There are many roles of the insulin recptor. One is to increase the activity of hexokinase in the adipose and skeletal muscle cells, which results in the phosphorylation of the glucose to glucose-6-phosphate, which then can be used to create ATP or for glycogen synthasis. When activated the IR also increases the number of GLUT4 transportors on the surface of the adipose and skeletal muscle cells, which allows for and increase in glucose transport in the cell. Also when the IR is activated on the liver cells, there is activation of the glycokinase, which also results in the phosphorylation of glucose in the liver to glucose-6-phosphate, which then goes on to be stored as glycogen. Activated IR in the liver also decreases gluconeogenesis. Insulin glargine is a a long acting form of insulin and works as a insulin receptor agonist to increase these activities in the target cells. Through the mechanisms I have explained, the therapeutic effect of insulin glargine is to decrease blood glucose, thereby treating hyperglycemia.
730305983	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor. This drug targets the insulin receptors on the surface of most tissue cells, such as skeletal tissue and liver tissue. In normal physiology, the insulin receptor, which is a receptor tyrosine kinase, is bound by endogenous insulin after eating causing an autophosphyorylation of the insulin receptors. The receptors dimerize after this autophosphorylation, activating their intracellular responses, ultimately leading to the upregulation of glucose transporters on the cell surface. This leads to increased uptake of glucose by skeletal and liver tissues for energy use and glycogen storage. Insulin glargine is a synthetic, long-acting insulin analog that acts as an insulin receptor agonist to increase the uptake of glucose by cells to treat hyperglycemia in Diabetes Mellitus.
730305085	Insulin glargine (Lantus, Toujeo Solostar) is an agonist of the insulin receptor (IR), which is an RTK. Insulin receptors are found primarily in hepatocyte membranes, but is also found in adipose and skeletal muscle cells. Normally the IR receptor (a homodimer) responds to the binding of insulin, which causes a conformational change in this membrane receptor and brings its two intermembrane kinase &#39;tails&#39; closer together to autophosphorylate each other. This kinase activity of the RTK causes downstream effects, promoting an increase in gene transcription for GLUT4 transporters and an increase in enzymes for glycogen synthesis in the liver. The higher number of GLUT4 receptors on adipose and skeletal muscle cells increases the glucose uptake of these cells, thereby lowering the blood glucose levels. Insulin glargine is a very long acting insulin analog that activates the insulin receptor to cause these effects in the body and lower hyperglycemia (which is characteristic of Type II DM).
720141645	Insulin glargine is a insulin receptor agonist on liver cells, adipose tissue, and skeletal tissue . Normally IR&#39;s on liver cells increase glycogen biosynthesis and IR&#39;s in adipose/skeletal tissue increase GLUT4 transporter density on cell surfaces. Additionally IR&#39;s acitvate enzymes that phosphorylate glucose to prepare it for glycloysis. When insulin glargine binds to IR receptors it initiates the normal molecular pathways listed previously which decreases hyperglycemia in patients with Type 1 Diabetes.
730011977	Insulin glargine acts as a synthetic agonist for the insulin receptor (IR) in pancreatic beta-cells, with a longer half-life than normal insulin. This drug is typically used in the treatment of Type 1 diabetes, a condition that is characterized by the inability to produce insulin in the body naturally, which results in hyperglycemia. Normally, the IR recptor would bind to the body&#39;s endogenous insulin and lead to increased uptake of glucose in muscle cells, liver and adipose tissue. Insulin glargine must be injected into the body, as it is a polypeptide and would be deactivated by the body&#39;s digestive system if administered orally. Once in the blood stream, insuling glargine then binds to the IR receptors in its respective cell locations, leading to the uptake of glucose in the bloodsteam, which in turn lowers the body&#39;s blood sugar level to treat diabetes.
730362445	Insulin glargine is a IR agonist. It&#39;s target is the insulin receptors that is located in the liver. Under normal physiological conditions, upon intake of glucose, insulin is released and binds to the insulin receptor. The insulin receptor then signals for the upregulation of glucose transporters and glycogen biosynthesis enzymes. This leads to a decrease in blood glucose circulating throughout the body. Insulin glargine performs its function by also targeting the insulin receptor. It binds to the receptor, allowing it to signal for the upregulation of the glucose transporters and glycogen biosynthesis enzymes, similar to the natural insulin that is normally produced in a healthy individual. By doing so, it is able to reduce blood glucose and the hyperglycemic conditions that are usually associated with diabetes.
730305984	Insulin glargine (Lantus) is a insulin receptor (IR) agonist. The IR is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) that is found on the cells of the liver as well as the skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. In normal physiology, in the liver, the IR is activated by endogenous insulin into increase the activity of glucokinase (to help retain absorbed glucose) and increase the activity of glycogen synthase (to store glucose as glycogen). This is accompanied by the fact that, in the skeletal muscle and adipose tissue, the IR is activated by endogenous insulin to increase the expression of GLUT4 transporters (to increase glucose uptake) and increase the activity of hexokinase (to store glucose as glycogen). The therapeutic utility of insulin glargine as an IR agonist is found in the fact that it promotes the retention of glucose and glycogen storage in the liver and increases glucose uptake and storage of glycogen in the skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. The sum of these four processes lead to decreased blood glucose levels, which in turn combats the hyperglycemia that exists in both T1 and T2 DM.
730305023	Insulin glargine is a long-acting insulin receptor agonist, which is located on the surface of liver cells (and adipose cells, muscle cells, and many other cells). Normally, hormone insulin will bind to insulin receptor and induce effects of more glucose uptake by more glucose receptors on the cell surface and the stimulation of glycogen biosynthesis. Insulin glargine mimics the function of hormone insulin, and bind to insulin receptor to directly stimulate glucose uptake and glycogen biosynthesis. It will decrease the concentration of blood glucose, and compensate the low sensitivity of insulin receptor for diabetic patients. Therefore, lowering blood glucose level will reduce hyperglycemia, which is the characteristic of diabetes mellitus.
730335119	Insulin glargine is an agonist of the insulin receptor (IR) that belongs to the receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) target family. Insulin glargine targets IR in the liver to activate glucokinase to phosphorylate glucose and glycogen synthase to convert glucose into glycogen for storage and indirectly enhance the activity of GLUT2 transporters. It stimulates glucose uptake in the adipose tissue and the skeletal muscle cells by increasing the expression of GLUT4 transporters and activates hexokinase to phosphorylate glucose. Glycogen synthesis and increased glucose uptake reduce the amount of glucose present in the blood and reduce hyperglycemia in Type 2 diabetes to prevent microvascular and/or macrovascular damage by high levels of circulating blood glucose.
720520297	The insulin glargine is an agonist to the insulin receptor located in the liver cells (also in skeletal muscle and adipose cells). Normally, when insulin binds to the insulin receptor (part of the receptor tyrosine kinase family), autophosphorylation of the tyrosine residue occurs which allows downstream signaling. As a result, insulin is able to increase glucose transporter expression and density on cells (GLUT 2 in liver and GLUT 4 in muscle/adipose) as well as increase glucokinase and hexokinase to phosphorylate glucose. Insulin also decreases phophorylated glycogen synthase in order to increase glycogen biosynthesis in the liver. Modification to the C-terminal of insulin has allowed insulin glargine to have a lower solubility thus allowing a prolonged release and effect of the insulin. Insulin glargine can be used to treat Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes but mostly Type 1 diabetes due to the patient&#39;s absolute insulin deficiency. Insulin is used to reduce hyperglycemia and lower blood glucose levels.
730119872	Insulin glargine acts as an insulin analog (insulin receptor agonist) that binds to the insulin receptor in pancreatic beta-cells. The insulin receptor is a member of the tyrosine kinase receptor family and requires dimerization often before insulin binds to the receptor which activates autophophorylation of the tyrosine residues on the intracellular domain of the insulin receptor. Once the insulin receptor is activated, this increases the number of GLUT4 transporters on skeletal muscle and adipose cells to increase glucose uptake into the cell. This will also stimulate activity of hexokinase and glucokinase to increase phosophorylation of glucose in the cell and increase glycogen synthesis in the liver respectively. Overall, these effects serve to directly decrease the level of blood glucose and increase insulin sensitivity in the peripheral tissue to treat patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus who cannot secrete the endogenous insulin hormone due to an autoimmune disorder that destroys insulin-secreting beta-cells in the pancreas. Insulin glargine mimics the endogenous insulin peptide and, therefore, must be injected in order to bypass degradation by proteases in the gastrointestinal tract. Insulin glargine is also a long-acting insulin analog as a result of modifications that have decreased its solubility, allowing for greater precipitation at the site of injection and slow dissociation into insulin dimers and monomers that can be absorbed and contribute to a longer duration of action.
730305285	Insulin glargine is a long acting insulin receptor agonist that acts in the liver. Hormonal insulin binding to the insulin receptor causes a signal that increases glucose transporters, and upregulates glycogen biosynthesis and decreases gluconeogenesis. Insulin glargine would act in the same manner, thereby decreasing the glucose in the blood and reducing hyperglycemia which can benefit both type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
720507989	Insulin glargine acts as an insulin receptor agonist. Its target is the insulin receptor, a Receptor Tyrosine Kinase which is located on liver cells, skeletal muscle, and adipose cells. Normally, the insulin receptor is activated once insulin attaches which causes it to phosphorylate tyrosine residues to activate particles inside the cell. It causes increased expression of glucose transporters and increased glycogen biosynthesis. Insulin glargine acts in the same way, increasing glucose transporter expression and glycogen synthesis to decrease blood glucose levels.
730308983	Insulin glargine (Lantus, Toujeo) is an insulin agonist, targeting the insulin receptor (IR, member of the receptor tyrosine kinase family) located in liver cells. Normally, insulin activates the IR which stimulates increased glucose transporter action and increases glycogen biosynthesis. These mechanisms work to decrease blood glucose. Insulin drugs work the same mechanism as the natural hormone, ultimately lowering blood glucose levels and decreasing hyperglycemia, a key characteristic of diabetes mellitus.
