Insulin	Insulin glargine is an agonist of...	...the insulin receptor [IR] which is located on liver cells [and skeletal muscle cells and adipocytes].	Normally, the IR responds to the hormone insulin to upregulate expression of glucose transporters [GLUT4] and glycogen biosynthetic enzymes.	Insulin glargine also activates IR, thereby [lowering blood glucose and] decreasing the hyperglycemia the is characteristic of diabetes.
Tamsulosin	Tamsulosin is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of...	alpha-1 adrenergic receptors (α1 ARs) located on SMCs [or smooth muscle cells] of the bladder’s internal urethral sphincter [and peripheral vasculature].	Normally, NE serves as the endogenous agonist to activate α1 ARs, which signal through Gq to increase intracellular [Ca2+], activate MLCK, and cause smooth muscle contraction in the bladder sphincter [and peripheral blood vessels]. 	As an α1 AR antagonist, tamsulosin blocks α1 AR activation, thereby reducing the constriction of the bladder sphincter that contributes to the increased outlet resistance (a LUTS) associated with BPH.
Ondansetron	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of...	5-HT3Rs that are located on CNS neurons in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) of the area postrema.	Normally, serotonin [or 5HT] binds to 5-HT3R [a ligand-gated ion channel, or LGIC, thereby opening gated Na+,K+ channels] to depolarize the neuron [or allow ion gradient dissipation] and activate neurotransmission.	By blocking serotonin from activating 5-HT3Rs, ondansetron prevents depolarization of CTZ neurons to reduce vomiting signaling in the CNS.
Metoprolol	Metoprolol is a [selective,] reversible, orthosteric antagonist of...	beta-1 adrenergic receptors [β1 ARs] located on cardiomyocytes.	Normally, norepinephrine [which is secreted by sympathetic neurons] is the agonist of β1 AR to activate Gαs and increase the cAMP concentration [which activates PKA, increases Ca2+ permeability, activates Troponin C, and activates actin-myosin] to increase heart rate [chronotropy] and force of contraction [inotropy]. 	As a β1 AR antagonist, metoprolol blocks β1 AR activation by NE, thereby reducing the elevated heart rate and stroke volume that contribute to hypertension.
Ciprofloxacin	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible inhibitor of...	[the bacterial type II topoisomerase enzymes] DNA Gyrase and Topo IV.	Normally, these type II topoisomerases relieve the winding strain that would otherwise build up as a bacterium’s circular chromosome is replicated. This activity is essential for DNA replication.	By inhibiting DNA Gyrase activity, ciprofloxacin prevents DNA replication, halts bacterial cell division, and kills or stops the growth of bacteria that can cause illness.
Promethazine	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of...	histamine H1 receptors expressed on bronchiolar SMCs and vascular endothelial cells.	Normally, histamine is an agonist of H1R to mediate allergic responses by causing bronchoconstriction, endothelial cell contraction, vasodilation, and other physiologic effects. 	As an H1R antagonist [inverse agonist], promethazine blocks H1R activation, thereby reducing the symptoms associated with allergies and histamine-mediated inflammatory processes.
Oxymorphone	Oxymorphone is an agonist of...	mu opioid peptide receptors (MOPR) expressed on both peripheral nociceptive neurons (ascending “excitatory” pathway) and CNS pain pathway neurons (descending “pain-modulatory” pathway).	Normally, opioid peptides are agonists of MOPR which signal via Gαi to decrease the cAMP concentration and activate G-protein gated inward rectifying potassium (GIRK) channels to hyperpolarize the neurons, which makes the neurons harder to fire, decreases nociceptive neurotransmission, and enhances pain-modulatory signaling.	By acting as a MOPR agonist, oxymorphone attenuates nociceptive pain signaling in the periphery and enhances pain-modulating signaling in the descending pathway to decrease the perception of and response to pain.
Sumatriptan	Sumatriptan is an agonist of...	5-HT1B receptors located on SMCs of the cranial vasculature and 5-HT1D [and 5-HT1F] receptors located on pre-synaptic neurons innervating cranial blood vessels.	Normally, serotonin acts as an agonist at 5-HT1BR, activating Gαi to decrease the cAMP concentration and deactivate PKA; MLCK remains active, myosin is activated, and vascular SMC contraction is stimulated; moreover, serotonin acts as an agonist at 5-HT1DR [and 5-HT1FR], activating Gαi to decrease the cAMP concentration and attenuate the release of calcitonin gene related peptide (CGRP), a vasoactive and pro-inflammatory peptide. 	By acting as an agonist at 5-HT1BR on SMCs of the cranial vasculature and 5-HT1DR [and 5-HT1FR] on pre-synaptic neurons, sumatriptan induces cranial vasoconstriction to reverse excitation of trigeminal afferents and neuroinflammation that contribute to migraine headaches.
Exenatide	Exenatide is an agonist of...	GLP-1 receptors [GLP-1R] that are expressed on beta cells of the pancreas. 	Normally, glucagon-like peptide-1 [GLP-1] acts as an agonist at GLP-1R, activating Gαs to increase the cAMP concentration. In turn, this activates PKA and stimulates glucose-dependent insulin secretion.	As a GLP-1R agonist, exenatide stimulates glucose-dependent insulin secretion to help overcome the insulin resistance [in muscle and the liver] and the impaired insulin secretion [by the pancreatic β-cells] that are key defects in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Memantine	Memantine is a reversible uncompetitive antagonist of...	N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors that are expressed on CNS neurons, especially in the hippocampus [also in the prefrontal cortex and the nucleus basalis].	NMDA-R are normally activated by glutamate to pass Na+ and Ca2+ ions that contribute to and potentiate postsynaptic excitation 	block the excessive stimulation by glutamate that results in chronically depolarized membranes and prolonged Ca2+ flow into the neuron, triggering a cascade of membrane, cytoplasmic, and nuclear events leading to excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death.
