730336623	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the fluoroquinolone class. The target is DNA gyrase (topoisomerase enzyme), which is a class II bacterial topoisomerase. In normal physiology, topoisomerase aids in relaxing the DNA while the strands are separated during DNA biosynthesis in bacteria. However, ciprofloxacin inhibits this activity so that bacterial DNA cannot be replicated. This aids in treating bacterial infections and preventing its spread.
730009227	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive reversible inhibitor of bacterial DNA gyrase. In normal physiology DNA gyrase releases torsional strain on unwound double stranded DNA. When ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA gyrase in bacteria, the torsional strain causes the DNA to break, resulting in bacterial cell death. Thus, ciprofloxacin is effective at killing bacteria and is used as an antibiotic.
711510047	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone that competitively and reversibly inhibits bacterial polyprotease from cleaving newly-synthesized bacterial polypeptide at appropriate locations that would normally produce mature, active bacterial proteins necessary for propagating active infection. By inhibiting the enzymatic cleaving, thus halting maturation of bacterial proteins, ciprofloxacin works to slow the spread of bacterial infection.
730301143	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible, competitive inhibitor of bacterial topoisomerase type II enzymes (DNA Gyrase and Topo IV), and is known as a Fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Normally, topoisomerase type II enzymes relieve torsional strain produced by DNA unwinding, which is an essential process that occurs during DNA replication. As an inhibitor, Ciprofloxacin binds and inactives DNA-Gyrase, causing breakage of the double-stranded DNA to block bacterial DNA replication and suppress the spread of bacterial infections.
730008206	Cirpofloxacin (cipro) is in the flouroquinolone drug class and acts as a competative reversible inhibitor of bacterial transpeptidase. Bacterial transpeptidase recognizes the D-Ala-D-Ala region of cell wall precursors and is responsible for cross-linking peptidoglycan subunits to form a rigid wall structure. Cipro mimics the transition state of the D-Ala-D-Ala and binds to transpeptidase preventing it from carrying out its normal function.
720431068	Ciprofloxacin is an inhibitor of Type II Topoisomerase (DNA Gyrase and TOPO IV). The target is located in bacterial cell DNA. Normally, the target is responsible for unwinding bacterial DNA that will be used in bacterial transcription. The use of the drug prevents the unwinding from occuring, and the bacterial DNA in turn breaks. This prevents replication of bacterial cell DNA and prevents the bacterial infection from spreading - characteristic of a bacterial infection.
730170143	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the topoisomerase gyrase. Normally, gyrase unwinds supercoiled DNA which relieves strain and allows DNA replication to occur. Ciprofloxacin binds to gyrase, maintaining the supercoiled state of bacterial DNA and ultimately breaking the DNA. Ciprofloxacin prevents DNA replication to occur which prevents bacterial proliferation.
730337615	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible orthosteric inhibitor of DNA gyrase, a topoisomerase enzyme expressed in bacterial cells. Normally DNA gyrase is responsible for cleaving DNA strands during DNA synthesis so they may be replicated. By inhibiting DNA gyrase ciprofloxacin prevents DNA replication in bacteria and prevents bacterial replication. This causes bacterial cells to die and the infection to be cleared.
730046634	Ciprofloxacin is an competative, reversiable, inhibitor antibiotic that targets type II topoisomerase in bacteria. Normally, topoisomerase is involved in preventing supercoiling of DNA during bacterial DNA unwinding and replication. By inhibiting topoisomerase, supercoiling is not prevented and replication is inhibited which relieves symptoms associated with bacterial infections.
720516197	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible inhibitor of bacterial type II toppoisomerases such as DNA gyrase and Topo IV. Normally, during DNA replication, type II topoisomerases, specifically DNA gyrase in this case, would relieve the winding strain that would otherwise build up as a bacterium&#39;s chromosome. As a type II topoisomerase inhibitor, ciprofloxacin would inhibit DNA gyrase activity and prevent DNA replication, halting bacterial cell division, killing or stopping the growth of bacteria that cause bacterial infection.
730010565	Cipofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluroquinolone antibiotic that is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV in the bacterial cell. Normally, DNA gyrase and topoisomerase allow for the DNA replication of the bacterial DNA. Ciprofloxacin therefore acts to prevent replication of the bacterial DNA, which prevents bacterial growth and therefore acts to treat bacterial infections.
720391577	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is of the fluroquinolone drug class and works as a competitive reversible inhibitor of the bacterial type II topoisomerases: DNA gyrase and Topoisomerase IV. Normally, DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV help relieve strain of the bacterial DNA as it unwindes to allow for replication of the DNA. By inhibiting the function of DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, ciprofloxacin works by preventing relief of this strain during bacterial DNA replication and therefore prevents DNA replication. Without functional DNA replication the bacteria is unable to function properly and dies, preventing further bacterial growth. Essentially, cirpoflaxacin works to kill bacterial cells and this function allows it to treat bacterial infections.
730301183	Ciprofloxacin is known as the Brand name Cipro and is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. This drug targets DNA Gyrase in bacterial cells which is a type 2 topoisomerase. DNA gyrase is responsible for getting rid of the torsional stress casued from unwinding DNA during repication. By inhibiting DNA gyrase Ciprofloxacin casues supercoiling of the DNA which causes double strand breaks in the DNA. These breaks prevent bacteria from replicating and thus stops the bacterial infection.
730306031	Ciprofloxacin, or Cipro, is a Fluroquinolone Anti-Biotic. The target of the drug is the type 2 topoisomerase enyzmes in the bacterial cell. Normally, these enzymes facilitate bacterial replication. These enzymes include Gyrase and Topo II. Gyrase is predominantly found in Gram (-) bacteria where Topo II is found in Gram (+) bacteria. Ciprofloxacin is a reversible inhibitor of these enzymes and therefore blocks replication in both gram positive and gram negative bacteria and effectively fights bacterial infections.
730336866	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluroquinolone antibiotic that functions as a reversible inhibitor of bacterial type II topoisomerase; DNA Gyrase [and Topo IV] complexed with DNA. DNA Gyrase is a topoisomerase enzyme that functions to relieve winding strain/ supercoiling of the bacteria&#39;s circular chromosome by inducing double stranded DNA breaks. Ciprofloxacin functions by preventing DNA Gyrase from releaving the tortional strain of supercoiled DNA which effectively prevents transcription [by polymerase and other enzymes], bacterial cell replication, leading to bacterial cell death, and thus the bacteria&#39;s ability to cause infection.
720511985	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluroquinolone antibioitc. It is a inhibitor of DNA-gyrase, also called topoisomerase type two. Both humans and bacteria have topoisomerase enzymes but only bacteria have this particular type, so in that manner it can be considered selective. Topoisomerase type two is supposed to help unwind two strands of DNA during translation. Inhibiting DNA-gyrase stops this portion of replication and prevents the bacteria from spreading. This is used for hospital aquired pneumonia (HAP) and ventilator associated HAP most commonly.
720514156	Ciprofloxacin (Brand name Cipro) is a reversible inhibitor belonging to the fluoroquinolone class of drugs. Ciprofloxacin targets type II topoisomerases (DNA gyrase and Topo IV). Normally DNA gyrase relieves the unwinding of DNA as the bacterium&#39;s circular chromosome builds up. Ciprofloxacin acts to inhibit DNA gyrase ultimately stopping DNA replication and preventing bacterial growth.
730339317	Ciprofloxacin is Fluoroquinolone and as such is a reversible competitive inhibitor of DNA gyrase and Topoisomerase IV. Normally, DNA gyrase acts to reduce strain on unwound DNA during DNA replication as a Topoisomerase. When Ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA gyrase this leads to increased strain on the DNA strand which can inhibit DNA replication for bacteria. If bacteria cannot replicate their DNA they cannot proliferate and undergo cell division/growth and therefore they cannot continue to cause infection.
730007672	Ciprofloxacin, a fluorquinolone antibiotic, is an inhibitor of Type II Topoisomerases. In normal physiology, Type II Topoisomerases such as gyrase stabilize uncoiled DNA during DNA replication to allow for replication of the bacterial genome and bacterial growth. Ciprofloxacin works to inhibit Type II Topoisomerases, destabilizing the uncoiled DNA, and preventing replication and bacterial growth, and eventually killing the bacteria.
730010615	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluoroquinilone antibiotic that works by binding to and inhibiting the DNA-topoisomerase II complex of bacteria gyrase and TOPO IV. Ciprofloxaxin is a reversible inhibitor of Gyrase/TOPO IV. Normally, bacterial topoisomerase II (gyrase or TOPO IV) is responsible for stabilizing and reducing tension in the unwidning DNA double helix during replication. Gyrase (or TOPO IV) is therefore a necessary, tension relieving component of bacterial replication, without which bacterial DNA replication can not occur. Ciprofloxacin is a reversible inhibitor of gyrase/TOPO IV, and works by binding to the DNA-gyrase (or TOPO IV) complex and inhibiting the action of the toposiomerase II enzyme via intercalation, thus preventing successful replication of the bacterial genome. Replication is necessary for bacteria to live, and thus inhibitiing this replication process results in death of the bacteria. Thus, ciprofloxacin can be used to prevent the replication of the pathogenic bacterial genome, thus killing the bacteria and stopping the spread of the pathogen, thus helping to relieve the signs and symptoms of the bacterial infection.
730308943	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible, competitive inhibitor. The target of ciprofloxacin is DNA gyrase, a bacterial type 2 topoisomerase. Normally, DNA gyrase cuts and rejoins both strands of the DNA in order to relieve supercoiling strain induced by DNA synthesis. Ciprofloxacin binds to DNA gyrase and does not allow the topoisomerase to relieve the strain, therefore inhibiting DNA synthesis of the bacteria.
730305075	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible inhibitor that targets topoisomerase type II. It is classified as a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. In normal physiology, topoisomerase type II will nick and rejoin two strands of DNA to alleviate tension occuring from supercoiling during bacterial DNA replication. By binding to DNA Gyrase, the tension from DNA supercoiling is unable to be relieved and the DNA breaks and replication is halted. Inhibition of bacterial DNA biosynthesis is an effective treatment for bacterial infections.
730344007	The goal of antimicrobial therapy is to delivery a drug to the pathogen to destroy the pathogen without harming the host. Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibacterial that binds to the complex of Top4/DNA Gyrase and bacterial DNA in front of the DNA replication fork during copying. Normaly, Top4/DNA Gyrase relieves the strain of DNA supercoiling during bacterial genome copying. The drug intercalates the DNA, thus inhibiting the action of the type 2 topoisomerase and perpetuating double-strand DNA breaks in the bacterial genome. The result is death of the pathogen.
730300292	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. It is a reversible bacterial type II topoisomerase inhibitor. Normally, topoisomerase relieve the strain which is otherwise built up during DNA replication in bacterial life cycle. It is essential for bacterial DNA synthesis. Ciprofloxacin as a gyrase inhibitor blocks the function of gyrase and thereby halting the bacterial growth, which is the cause of many bacterial infectious diseases.
730302081	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, and it is a reversible inhibitor of the bacterial DNA gyrase enzyme (when complexed with DNA). Normally, bacterial DNA gyrase relieves torsional stress created during the process of DNA unwinding for replication. This relief is needed to avoid stress breakage of the DNA strands. By binding to the DNA gyrase-DNA complex, ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA gyrase and causes the build up of torsional strain and DNA strand breakage during bacterial DNA replication. This inhibition prohibits the bacteria from proliferating, thereby stifling bacterial growth and infection.
730336309	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is fluoroquinolone antibiotic that is a reversible, competitive inhibitor of bacterial type II topoisomerase. This drug targets bacterial replication in both strands of bacterial DNA. In normal physiology, bacterial type II topoisomerase, either through DNA gyrase or Topo IV, acts to relax the strands of DNA to release supercoiling of DNA, by making double stranded breaks on the DNA. This helps to encourage DNA replication and the flourishing of bacteria. Ciprofloxacin inhibits Topo IV or DNA gyrases preventing the relaxation of the supercoiling, putting a halt on bacterial replication. This leads to bacterial death and can treat a plethora of bacterial infections.
730203946	Ciprofloxacin is classified as a fluoroquinolone, so it is an orthosteric, reversible inhibitor of the bacterial type II topoisomerases such as DNA Gyrase and Topo IV. Normally, these topoisomerases relieve the winding and torsion strain associated with uncoiling of the super-coiled DNA during DNA replication, which is necessary for bacterial growth. By inhibiting the topoisomerases, ciprofloxacin prevents DNA from unwinding easily, thereby preventing DNA replication, preventing bacterial growth, and resolving bacterial infections.
730092448	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive reversible inhibitor of topoisomerase in bacterial DNA. Topoisomerase is an enzyme used to relieve torsion and winding stress from a double strand of DNA allowing replication of the strands, in this case, ciprofloxacin inhibits topoisomerase from unwinding bacterial DNA causing the DNA to remain in its supercoiled form and allowing breakage of the double strands.This would prevent bacterial proliferation by inhibiting bacterial DNA from replicating thus effectively treating bacterial infections.
730337192	Ciprofloxacin is an inhibitor of bacterial type 2 topoisomerase, DNA gyrase and Topo IV. Normally, type 2 topoisomerase relieve the winding strain created during DNA replication. As an inhibitor, ciprofloxacin binds to DNA gyrase and Topo IV and inhibit their activities, preventing and halting DNA replication process, which eventually kill or stop the bacterial growth.
730300464	Ciprofloxacin (brand name Cipro) is a reversible inhibitor of Type II bacterial topisomerase. Normally, bacterial topoisomerase relieves the stress of DNA unwinding allowing for DNA synthesis to occur in the bacterial cell. However, by inhibiting this enzyme ciprofloxacin prevents this stress relief leading to breakages in the DNA chain during bacterial DNA synthesis. These breakages prevent DNA synthesis from occuring and ultimately lead to the death of the bacterium.
730300715	Ciprofloxacin (Cleocin - a fluoroquinolone antibiotic) is a reversible, competitive inhibitor of bacterial topoisomerase IV and gyrase. In normal bacterial physiology, bacterial gyrase and topoisomerase IV are type two topoisomerases that are involved in the synthesis of new DNA with several other proteins. Gyrase separates the two strands of DNA while topoisomerase IV relieves supercoiling strain as the DNA is unwound. Ciprofloxacin inhibits the activity of these two proteins, leading to DNA breakage and bacterial death.
730008212	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroqinolone antibiotic that reversibly and competitively inhibits the topoisomerase enzymes DNA Gyrase and Topo IV. Normally, DNA Gyrase binds to wound, double stranded DNA and functions to relieve the winding strain and allow the fork structure to continue to progress which would otherwise supercoil as the bacteria&#39;s chromosomes are replicated. By inhibiting DNA Gyrase, ciprofloxacin prevents DNA replication which inhibits the bacteria&#39;s cell cycle and effectively kills or inhibits the growth of the bacteria causing the infection.
730305176	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is an antibiotic agent in the fluoroquinolone drug class. It is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, which are enzymes that are involved in DNA replication. Normally, these enzymes prevent the supercoiling of DNA as it is being unwound during the genome replication process. By binding directly to these enzymes, ciprofloxacin causes &quot;kinks&quot; to form in the template strands of the bacterial DNA and prevents the full replication of the bacterial DNA. Ciprofloxacin helps to treat bacterial infections by preventing the pathogenic bacteria from replicating their genomes, thus preventing them from dividing and causing further infection.
730308947	Ciprofloxacin belongs to the fluoroquinolone drug class of antibiotics. Fluoroquinolones are reversible competitive inhibitors of bacterial DNA gyrase (TOP2). TOP2 is an enzyme responsible for separating double stranded bacterial DNA so that DNA replicating enzymes can polymerize along single stranded DNA. Inhibition of TOP2 prevents DNA replication in bacteria from occuring which ultimately kills the bacteria and prevents bacterial reproduction. Being a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, ciprofloxacin is indicated in the use for the treatment of bacterial infections.
730305017	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinone antibiotic that reversibly inhibits bacterial transpeptidase. Normally, bacterial transpeptidase catalyzes the crosslinking of peptidoglycan in the formation of the cell wall. Ciprofloxacin inhibits cell wall synthesis via inhibitionof transpeptidase to prevent bacterial proliferation and diminish bacterial infection.
730332858	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone and an irrversible inhibitor of bacterial DNA Type II topoisomerase. Type II DNA topoisomerase relieves DNA strain during unwinding at the replication fork by nicking both of the DNA strands. By inhibiting topoisomerase, the replication fork stalls and bacteria cannot replicate. Fluoroquinolones act as bacteriocidal/bacteriostatic agents indicated for use in bacterial infections.
730335667	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone drug used to treat bacterial infections. This drug is a reversible competitive inhibitor that inhibits the type 2 topoisomerase enzyme in bacteria, which would be gyrase or type IV. Typically, topoisomerase is able to relax the supercoil and torsional tension that occurs during DNA replication. This drug blocks that relaxation and stops DNA replication from occuring, thus halting the progression of a bacteria.
730000106	Ciprofloxacin is a fluroquinolone, bacterialcidal antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections. Ciprofloxacin acts as a reversible, inhibitor of baceterial type 2 topoisomerases, Gyrace and Topo IV. Ciprofloxacin is not a classical competitive inhibitor as it binds the topoisomerase/DNA complex. In normal bacteria physiology, the bacterial topoisomerases Gyrase and Topo IV are involved in DNA replication. These enzymes act by reducing strain generated by the DNA coil during DNA replication and work along side the other DNA replication enzymes helicase and DNA polymerase to achieve DNA replication. By reducing the strain of the DNA coil, these topoisomerase enyzmes allow the other enzymes to access the DNA and the ultimate replication of the bacterial DNA (in the cytoplasm). Replication of the DNA allows for replication of the bacteria and continued infection. As a result, when ciprofloxacin binds the gyrase or Topo IV and DNA complex, the topoisomerase can not releive the strain generated in the DNA. This increased strain leads to DNA supercoiling and a failure of DNA replication. This failure of replication results in a bacterialcidal effects and illimination of the bacterial infection.
720543380	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluroquinolone antibiotic which is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of type II bacteria topoisomerases TOPOIV and gyrase and is used to treat bacterial infections. Normally, gyrase and TOPOIV relieve torsional strain during replication of the bacteria&#39;s circular chromsome to prevent damage from supercoiling, which is critical for DNA replication. Ciprofloxacin binds to gyrase when it is bound to DNA (binds to substrate and target) and prevents it from relieving torsional strain which can cause DNA breakage and prevent replciation of bacteria. This prevents DNA from mutiplying and prevents bacterial replication and prevents them causing futher infection.
720498432	ciprofloxacin is an inhibitor of DNA gyrase and Topo IV topoisomerase enzymes located in the cytopslam of bacterial cells. Normally, DNA gyrase and topo IV topoisomerase enzymes promote relaxation of supercoiled DNA and promotes the unwinding of DNA which leads to DNA replication. As an inhibitor, ciprofloxacin prevents the relaxation of DNA and promotes breakage of double stranded DNA in bacteria, thus preventing DNA replication which is essential to the survival and growth of bacteria, thereby killing the bacteria.
730305293	Ciprofloxacin (cipro) is a competitive, reversible, orthosteric inhibitor. Its target is bacterial topoisomerases, such as topo 4 or gyrase. Normally these enzymes would bind the Bacteria&#39;s circular DNA and prevent supercoiling associated with unwinding the DNA so that the bacteria can replicate. By blocking the action of these topoisomerases, ciprofloxacin prevents proper unwinding of the bacterial chromosome and therefore prevents its replication. This makes it so the bacteria cannot divide and will either kill or inhibit the bacteria casuing the bacterial infection.
730011523	Ciprofloxacin is a DNA gyrase, TOP-IV inhibitor. These targets are subclasses of topoisomerase 2 that are only found in bacterial cells. Nomally DNA-gyrase binds to the DNA as its being unwound and will cleave both strands of a double helix to relieve torsion and then reseal these strands. By releiving torsion this prevents the DNA from supercoiling as the two strands are separted which lets DNA replication continue. Ciprofloxacin binds to the DNA-gyrase-DNA complex and prevents torsion release in the DNA; this leads to supercoiling and the DNA wil no longer be able to unwind. By preventing this process DNA and DNA-gyrase are stuck and no lonager able to replicate leading to prevention of bacterial growth.
730335668	Ciprofloxacin is an inhibitor of the large subunit of the bacterial ribosome. In normal physiology, the ribosome functions to translate proteins necessary for bacterial cellular functions. By blocking the function of the ribosome, ciprofloxacin prevents the bacteria from generating new polypeptide products. As such, the bacteria can no longer function and they die.
730003873	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible, competitive inhibitor of the bacterial type II topoisomerase. In normal physiology, this protein helps bacterial cells to replicate their genome by relieving torsion in the DNA that results from the unwinding of the DNA strands. Inhibiting this protein inhibits DNA replication in bacterial cells, and when bacterial cells cannot replicate, they will die. Via this mechanism, ciprofloxacin is able to kill bacterial cells to treat a bacterial infection.
730338780	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone that is a competitive inhibitor of topoisomerase enzymes in bacterial cells. Typically, topoisomerase enzymes are responsible for unwinding DNA for replication in a bacterial cell. By inhibiting this unwinding process, the DNA cannot replicate, which prevents the bacterial cell from replicating and preventing further infection.
730309028	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a member of the fluoroquinolone class and it competitively, reversibly, and orthosterically inhibits the Type II topoisomerase within the cytoplasm of bacterial cells. Normally, Type II topoisomerase works to unwind the bacterial DNA during bacterial cell replication in order for the circular DNA to be replicated. By inhibiting this, ciprofloxacin prevents the unwinding of the DNA, leading to no bacterial DNA replication, and lack of reproducibility, which will prevent the spread of the bacterial infection.
730337566	Ciprofloxacin, a fluroquinolone, is a reversible, orthosteric inhibitor of the bacterial type II DNA gyrase topoisomerase enzyme. In normal physiology, this enzyme relaxes the DNA and reduces strain during unwinding for DNA replication. Ciprofloxacin binds to the gyrase topoisomerase and prevents the enzyme from relaxing the DNA, promoting breakage of the DNA, causing bacterial death and ending the bacterial infection.
730305078	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic that reversibly and competitively inhibits DNA gyrase in bacterial cells. Normally, DNA gyrase (a type 2 topoisomerase), relieves the torsion of supercoiled DNA by unwinding it to allow the replication fork to proceed through the circular, bacterial genome during DNA synthesis. As an inhibitor of this enzyme, ciprofloxacin prevents the unwinding of the replicating DNA to promote breakage of the double stranded molecules to treat bacterial infections/kill bacteria that lead to disease.
730341594	Ciprofloxacin or Cipro is a fluoroquinolone or an inhbiitor of topoisomerase. DNA gyrase is a topoisomerase located in the nucleus of bacterial cells. It is responsible for relieving tension of supercoiled DNA strands as a result of DNA replication. When topoisomerase is inhibited, more stress is placed on the DNA strands as they are replicated. Extra stress makes the DNA strands more susceptible to breakage and as a result, DNA replication is inhibited. Because DNA replication is essential biochemical process for bacteria to survive and reproduce, the use of ciprofloxacin treats bacterial infections by killing bacteria.
720433193	Cipro or ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone, which targets the Type II topoisomerase (DNA gyrase) in bacteria for indications of bacterial infections, like pharygnitis. Typically, topoisomerases work to reduce the torsional strain on the bacterial DNA, such that the helicase and DNA polymerase can unwind the DNA and replicate, which is essential for the bacteria to survive and spread. Therefore, ciprofloxacin works as as competitive, reversible inhibitor to inhibit the DNA synthesis in bacteria by binding onto the topoisomerase (gyrase) to prevent the bacteria from replicating.
730005239	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is an inhibitor of bacterial Type II topoisomerase gyrase. Normally, the type II toposiomerase gyrase aids in bacterial DNA synthesis by relieving the torsional strain that occurs due to the unwinding of DNA during replication. By inhibiting the topoisomerase/gyrse, ciprofloxacin blocks the relaxation of the DNA strands and promotes breakage, and this in turn leads to inhibition of bacterial DNA synthesis to treat a bacterial infection.
730014075	fluoroquinalone antibiotic Ciprofloxacin is a competitive reversible inhibitor of DNA-gyrase. DNA-gyrase&#39;s role in normal physiology is to reduce and relax tension in supercoiled DNA. Ciprofloxacin binds to DNA-gyrase inhibiting its relaxational properties which causes DNA breakage within bacterial cells. This leads to cell death and effective treatment of bacterial infections.
730009068	Ciprofloxacin (brand name Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic and a competitive, reversible inhibitor of DNA-gyrase as it blocks the action of the DNA-topoisomerase complex. Normally, DNA-gyrase acts with topoisomerase to relieve the strain from DNA unwinding, a critical component of DNA replication. Upon binding DNA-gyrase, ciprofloxacin prevents the relaxation of supercoiled DNA, thus preventing both DNA replication and growth of bacterial infection.
730081905	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive and reversible Bacterial Type II Topoisomerase inhibitor. The Bacterial Type II Topoisomerases are DNA-Gyrase and Topo IV. Normally, DNA-Gyrase and Topo IV relieve the winding strain that occurs as the bacteria&#39;s circular chromosome replicates. This action is essential for bacterial DNA synthesis. However, Ciprofloxacin blocks the unwinding of supercoiled DNA and prevents bacterial DNA synthesis. Without being able to replicate it&#39;s DNA, the bacteria will die and no longer be able to infect other cells for the treatment of bacterial infections.
730012332	Ciprofloxacin is a reverible inhibitor its target is the bacterial type 2 topoisomerases specifically gyrase. In normal physiology topoisomerases reduce the winding strain that is associated with DNA, in order fo ciprofloxacin to be necessary there must be a bacterial infection and ciprofloxacin inhibits gyrase from reducing the winding strain which then halts DNA replication and growth and can lead to cell death, therefore reducing bacterial growth. The goal of ciprofloxacin is to get rid of the bacterial infection without hurting the host.
730351906	The brand name of ciprofloxacin is Cipro. The drug class of ciprofloxacin is a fluroquinolone. Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of bacterial type II topoisomerase enzymes DNA Gyrase and TOPO IV. Normally, DNA Gyrase and TOPO IV relieve the winding strain that builds up when bacterium&#39;s circular chromosomes replicate. This is an essential step in DNA replication. As an inhibitor, ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA Gyrase and TOPO IV causing them to not relive the winding strain that builds up. This inhibits bacterial DNA replication, halts bacterial cell growth division, and kills or stops the growth of bacteria that causes infection.
730012793	Ciprofloxacin is a part of the fluoroquinolone drug class which act as reversible, competitive inhibitors of type 2 topoisomerase enzymes in bacteria. Normally, type 2 topoisomerase enzymes relieve the supercoiling that is associated with the unwinding of double helix DNA during DNA replication. Fluoroquinolones bind to the type 2 topoisomerase enzymes and prevent their ability to relieve supercoiling during DNA replication. As a result, the DNA breaks and the bacterial DNA is not able to be replicated.
720501213	N/A
730339832	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible inhibitor specifically of the bacterial type II topoisomerase enzymes Gyrase and Topo IV. Under normal conditions, a bacteria cell ready to replicate must undergo DNA replication, a process that requires multiple enzymes to function simultaneously. Of these enzymes involved in replication, topoisomerases are responsible for unwinding the DNA double helix and relieving the supercoiling strain ahead of the replication fork. Upon ciprofloxacin binding to its target, activity of the type II topoisomerases is inhibited and the DNA supercoil cannot be unwound. This ultimately blocks further progression of the replication complex, and the bacterial cells fail to replicate thus treating the underlying bacterial infection.
730300837	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a noncompetitive inhibitor of bacterial topoisomerase type II (gyrase). Gyrase is within bacterial cells bound to replicating DNA. In normal physiology, gyrase relieves the strain on DNA caused by unwinding of the bacterium&#39;s circular DNA for replication. Ciprofloxacin binds the gyrase and DNA complex and prevents gyrase from performing its normal physiological function. In doing so, the bacterial DNA is more prone to breaking due to the strain, and replication cannot proceed. Without DNA replication, bacterial cells cannot replicate and proliferate within the host and continue to cause infection.
730169512	Cirpofloxican is a competitive, orthosteric, reversible inhibitor of Topisomerase type 2 (Topo 2 and gyrase) found in bacterial cells. It&#39;s drug class is a fluoroquinolone. Flurorquinolones inhibit bacterial cell growth by blocking the replication of the bacterial&#39;s nucleic acid. The target of this drug is the topoisomerase (type 2), specifivally Topo 2 and gyrase, which are found in bacterial cells during DNA replication. Toposimerase (Topo 2 and gyrase) normally relieves the tension and strain presented during DNA replication in bacterial cells when the double helix is being unwinded. That relief of the strain allows DNA replication to proceed, and allow the cells to replicate and flourish. Ciprofloxacin inhibits the relieve of the strain presented during DNA replicaiton by binding to the DNA-Gyrase or DNA-topo2 complex. When ciprofloxican bind to it, that blocks the relief of the strain, which cleads ot blocking DNA replication and for the cell to not replicate, and lead to the denaturation of the cell and stops cell growth.
730004785	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is an antibiotic beloning to the fluoroquinolone drug class. Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of type II topoisomerase (DNA gyrase). The role of type II topoisomerase in normal physiology is to reduce the &quot;torsional&quot; or &quot;winding&quot; strain that results when uncoiling the double helix. When the type II topoisomerase is inhibited, thi strain leads to breakage of DNA strands which ultimately leads to cell death.
730338642	Ciprofloxacin, or Cipro, is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the DNA Gyrase complex and are used to treat bacterial infections. This drug belongs to the fluoroquinolone drug class. Normally, DNA Gyrase is used to unwind supercoiled DNA during DNA replication. By inhibiting this mechanism, DNA is unable to unwind out of its tight, supercoiled state and be in its relaxed state, thus inhibiting activity and inhibiting bacterial DNA replication.
730305018	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone and is a reversible, orthosteric inhibitor of DNA gyrase which is a bacterial topoisomerase. Topoisomerases are needed to relieve the torsional strain of DNA from unwinding of the double helix. Inhibiting topoisomerase prevents the enzyme from relieving the DNA strain and promotes double strand breaks. This prevents the bacteria from replicating further and is used to treat bacterial infections.
730308957	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a floroquinolone antibiotic that is a competitive inhibitor of bacterial gyrase. Normally, gyrase aids in and relieves strain of DNA unwinding before DNA replication to propogate bacterial infection. Cipro binds to and inhibits gyrase activity, thus, halting bacterial replication and further spread of infection.
730300665	Ciprofloxacin, the API in the drug Cipro, is a reversible, competitive inhibitor of Topiomerase II (i.e., gyrase). Its drug class is fluoroquinolone which means it targets gyrase. Fluoroquinolone antibiotics are given to fight against bacterial infection and eradicate the causative bacteria from the host. In normal physiology, gyrase relaxes the bacterial DNA in order to prevent supercoiling and breakage of the DNA during replication. Replication is an essential step for bacteria to persist and maintain infection. Ciprofloxacin binds to the gyrase-DNA complex to block gyrase&#39;s activity and essentially, prevents it from moving forward which halts the replication cycle. Thus, bacterial cell division is inhibited and this stops the bacteria from growing/reproducing. This &quot;kills off&quot; the bacteria and ceases infection.
730090428	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone that is an inhibitor of DNA gyrase. DNA gyrase&#39;s role in normal physiology is to cause relaxation of the supercoiled DNA. Ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA gyrase to prevent the relaxation of the supercoiled DNA and promotes breakage of the double stranded DNA, which leads to cell death and treats a bacterial infection.
730356527	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is an irreversible, competitive, mechanism-based inhibitor of the transpeptidase enzyme of bacteria. In normal bacterial physiology, transpeptidase recognizes a D-ala-D-ala residue on cell wall precursor peptidoglycan molecules and performs two lygase reations to cross-link the peptidoglycan strands. This cross-linking provides rigidity to the bacterial cell wall and is necessary for its survival. Ciprofloxacin mimics the D-ala-D-ala cell wall precursor and binds to transpeptidase. When bound, the imidazole ring reacts with transpeptidase, and forms covalent bonds, rendering it inactive. With transpeptidase enzyme inactive, the bacteria cannot maintain a rigid cell wall, and will die.
730013843	Ciprofloxacin, a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, is a reversible competitive inhibitor of topo IV, a bacterial type 2 topoisomerase. Normally, topoisomerase enzymes relieve the winding strain that is necessary for progression of the replication fork in DNA replication. Ciprofloxacin, binding to the DNA-topoisomerase complex, stops the topoisomerase enzyme from relieving the winding strain and therefore promotes supercoiling of the DNA, preventing DNA replication. This is important because the bacteria cannot survive without replication of their DNA, so targeting topo IV helps to eliminate the bacterial infection.
730094799	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic which irreversibly inhibits the enzyme gyrase in bacterial DNA synthesis. Normally, gyrase binds replicating DNA and promotes double stranded nicks in the DNA to releave torsional strain caused by unwinding. Ciprofloxacin binds and arrests the DNA-gyrase complex which allows supercoiled DNA to persist and cause damage to the DNA, preventing successful replication of the bacterial DNA. This is used to control bacterial replication in the the treatment of bacterial infections.
730340514	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of bacterial type 2 topoisomerases, DNA gyrase and topo IV. Normally, these topoisomerases relieve the supercoiling strain in the double stranded DNA that accumulates as the bacterial circular chromosome is separated during replication by performing a double stranded break followed by rejoining the the double stranded DNA. By inhibiting bacterial DNA gyrase and topo IV, ciprofloxacin blocks the release of accumulated strain on the double stranded DNA, which results in a double stranded break, effectively preventing bacterial DNA replication. Blocking DNA replication prevents the ability for the bacteria to grow and proliferate, which is required for sustained infection.
730004256	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the Type 2 Topoisomerase enzyme in bacteria. Normally, the topoisomerase enzyme is responsible for relieving the strain associated with unwinding of the DNA double helix. Ciprofloxacin binds and inhibits the topoisomerase enzyme, particularly DNA gyrase or Topoisomerase IV; therefore, preventing the relaxation of the DNA double helix leading to breakage of the DNA strands. This prevents DNA replication, killing the bacteria to treat for bacterial infections. Ciprofloxacin is a member of the fluroquinolone drug class.
720158983	Ciprofloxacin is a fluorquinolone antibiotic that inhibits the activity of DNA gyrase. Normally, DNA gyrase relieves tension in supercoiled bacterial DNA during DNA replication. By preventing DNA gyrase from relieving this tension, ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA replication and ultimately bacterial replication, preventing the further spread of infection.
730364730	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinone and this acts as a competitive reversible inhibitor of Type 2 topoisomerase. Normally, topoisomerase is able to relieve the winding of the strand that would normally bind and build up the circular chormosome of the viral cell and can allow proper cell division and spread of the disease. Ciprofloxacin can inhibit topoisoerase and DNA gyrase which prevents DNA replication, and this prevents cell division of the bacteria which leads to killing the bacteria or stopping the disease from spreading.
730304969	Ciprofloxacin is fluoroquinolone antibiotic, meaning that it prevents bacterial DNA replication. It does so by acting as an inhibitor of its target which is a bacterial topoisomerase 2, known as gyrase. Typically, topoisomerase 2 will relieve winding strain associated with the unwinding of the DNA double helix. By doing so, top2 will allow for continued DNA replication. Ciprofloxacin acts as a transition state analog and traps the gyrase. As a result, DNA winding strain is not relieved, and DNA replication is inhibited. This will therefore kill bacteria associated with the bacterial infection.
730338011	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic that acts as a reversible, competitive inhibitor of bacterial DNA gyrase. In normal physiology, DNA gyrase is an enzyme that reduces tension in bacterial DNA strands as they are being unwound in the process of DNA replication and transcription. When DNA gyrase is inhibited, the tension caused by the unwinding of the DNA is able to build, and leads to double-stranded DNA breakage, thus halting DNA replication and transcription. This prevents the bacteria from multiplying and spreading, while also preventing the synthesis of bacterial proteins necessary for bacterial cell survival. As a result, the bacteria cells die and the infection is resolved.
730364567	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone, which blocks DNA replication by binding and inhibiting topoisomerases (an inhibitor of topoiosomerase). Normally, topoisomerases help the DNA replication process by relieving any strain in the DNA that occurs during unwinding of the helical strand. The specific topoisomerase that Ciprofloxacin inhibits is called DNA Gyrase and it creates two nicks in both the top and bottom strands of DNA in order to relieve it of strain. CIprofloxacin inhibits DNA Gyrase, which is present in bacteria, which results in the inability of the bacteria to replicate. Ciprofloxacin is indicated for conditions such as pharyngitis caused by Strep A.
730301186	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. It is an inhibitor of the type II topisomerase enzyme, gyrase, in baceterial cells. The target is gyrase in bacterial cells. Normally, gyrase relieves winding strain that builds up from supercoiled DNA during replication of the circular bacterial chromosome. Inhibition of gyrase prevents DNA replication in bacterial cells to prevent further infection.
730345314	Ciprofloxacin also known by the brand name Cipro is a fluroquinolone. It is a competitive reversible DNA gyrase inhibitor. In normal physiology DNA-gyrase relieves the tension of DNA unwinding during replication process. When inhibited the DNA gyrase cannot perform its function and DNA replication is disrupted. This further leads to cell death, thus contributing to the treatment of bacterial infections.
730306008	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible orthosteric inhibitor of bacterial type 2 topoisomerase (Gyrase and Topo IV). Normally, the unwinding of DNA double helix by helicase during replication causes build up in strain and topisomerase is used to relieve that strain. As a reversible orthosteric inhibitor, Ciprofloxacin binds to type 2 topoisomerase and traps it from moving along the DNA double helix, inhibiting the growth and division of bacteria. This inhibition leads to bacterial death and relieve symptoms of bacterial infections.
730170040	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the bacterial Type II topoisomerases DNA gyrase and Topo4 and is part of the drug class fluoroquinolones. The bacterial Type II topoisomerases normally work to help relieve the strain caused by unwinding during bacterial DNA replication by &quot;nicking&quot; both strands of DNA, and DNA gyrase is important in catalyzing supercoiling of the bacterial DNA. Ciprofloxacin works by binding directly to the DNA-topoisomerase complex after the topoisomerase has cut open a bit of the DNA, and then therefore ciprofloxacin has the room to fit into the DNA-topoisomerase complex to stop bacterial replication and propagation to treat bacterial infections like pharyngitis or pneumonia.
730335117	Ciprofloxacin is an inhibitor of type II topoisomerase enzyme, Gyrase and Topo IV. Normally topoisomerase unwinds DNA, which is an essentail part in DNA replication. By blocking DNA-topoisomerase interphase, ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA relaxation, prevent DNA replcation and lead to cell death or halt in cell growth,
730075914	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic that acts as a reversible, competitive inhibitor of the type II topoisomerase gyrase found in bacterial cells. In normal physiology the topoisomerase enzyme plays a role during DNA replication be relieving the torsional (winding strain). By inhibiting this enzyme, the winding strain does not get relieved and DNA replication is inhibited. Without being able to replicate, bacteria are unable to continue to colonize in the host which makes ciprofloxacin an effective drug against bacterial infections.
730300294	The active pharamaceutical ingredient in Cipro is ciprofloxacin. Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Fluoroquinolone antibotics inhibit the Topoisomerase IV and DNA gyrase enzymes which are important in DNA transcription. By inhibiting DNA gyrase and Topo IV, ciprofloxacin inhibits the enzymes from unwinding the super coiling that occurs when DNA is being transcribed. By halting this unwinding, it makes it impossible for the circular bacterial DNA to be transcribed, thus stopping and killing bacteria and bacterial growth.
730296888	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of bacterial topoisomerase type II enzymes such as DNA gyrase and Topo IV. Normally, DNA gyrase and Topo IV reduce the winding strain that would otherwise accumulate during replication of the bacterium&#39;s circular chromosome. This is essential for DNA replication to occur. Because ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA gyrase and Topo IV, it blocks DNA replication, thereby inhibiting cell division and thus, stops the proliferation and kills the bacteria causing bacterial infections.
730222792	Ciprofloxacin [Cipro] is a antibacterial agent that inhibits bacteria DNA gyrase and topomerase which prevents bacterial gyrase from uncoiling its DNA strands for cellular replication. DNA gyrase is responsible for uncoiling and seperating DNA strands for replication. By preventing the bacteria cell from replicating ciprofloxacin halts the growth and spread of bacteria infections.
730014819	Ciprofloxacin is an inhibitor bacterial topoisomerase type II enzymes gyrase and topo IV. Normally, topoisomerase relieves winding strain to allow DNA replication to proceed. By inhibiting topoisomerase, ciprofloxacin prevents bacterial DNA replication to prevent the growth of bacteria during an infection.
730000406	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is part of the fluoroquinolone drug class and is a reversible inhibitor of bacterial topoisomerase type II. Normally, bacterial topoisomerase type II is responsible for unwinding DNA in order for bacterial DNA replication to occur. As an inhibitor of bacterial topoisomerase type II, ciprofloxacin prevents this from occuring and prevents bacterial infection by causing bacterial cell death.
730336626	Ciprofloxacin, brand name Cipro, is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. It is a reversible competative inhibitor of DNA Gyrase/topoisomerase molecule in bacterial DNA. In normal bacterial physiology, Gyrase/Topoisomerase create 2 nicks in the supercoiled bacterial DNA to relax the supercoil and allow for polymerase to replicate the DNA. Use of ciprofloxacin against a bacterial infection mechanistically inhibits the topoisomerase, preventing the relaxation of the DNA supercoil. This prevents DNA replication of the bacterial genome, and prevents the propagation of the bacterial DNA, leading to bacterial death.
730163464	Ciprofloxacin (brand name: Cipro) is a non-respiratory fluoroquinolone antibiotic that is a selective, reversible inhibitor of topoisomerase 4 and gyrase in bacterial cells. Topoisomerase 4 and gyrase are type II topoisomerases that function in bacteria to unwind DNA during replication and prevent DNA supercoiling. However, if a human or animal is infected with this bacteria, we want to prevent bacterial normal physiology, as it leads to proliferation. Ciprofloxacin works to block the actions of these enzymes, causing DNA to break and not allowing bacteria to repoduce, and is indicated to treat pneumonia infections.
730309616	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of DNA gyrase. Normally, DNA gyrase relieves the strain caused by unwinding DNA during replication. When ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA gyrase, the strain of unwinding DNA is not relieved and the double stranded DNA cannot be separated to be replicated. This prevents bacteria from replicating and inhibits bacterial infection.
730004713	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. As such, ciprofloxacin reversibly and competitively inhibits gyrase, a type II topoisomerase found in bacteria. In normal physiology, gyrase relieves the strain in supercoiled DNA during DNA replication. However, when gyrase is inhibited, the strain in the DNA is not relieved, which promotes double-stranded DNA breakage during DNA replication in bacteria, ultimately causing bacterial cell death.
730324249	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone that acts as a competative inhibitor of DNA Gyrase in bacterial cells. DNA Gyrase is a Type II topoisomerase that normally functions to relieve the stress of the unwinding double helix DNA during bacterial DNA replication and synthiesis. By inhibiting DNA Gyrase, ciprofloxacin stops bacterial cells from synthesizing new DNA and replicating, therefore it can be used to treat bacterial infections.
730305081	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible inhibitor of DNA gyrase and Topo IV enzymes, which are bacterial type II topoisomerase enzymes. Normally, DNA gyrase and Topo IV help relieve the winding strain of DNA during replication. This winding is essential for cell growth and proliferation. As an inhibitor, ciprofloxacin blocks the effects of DNA gyrase and Topo IV, inhibiting this aspect of replication. Consequently, bacterial growth and proliferation is halted, and the bacteria causing the infection will die.
730338500	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone and a competitive reversible inhibitor of the type II topoisomerase (DNA Gyrase and Topo IV) found in bacterial cells. The topoisomerase functions to releave the torsion strain created by DNA helicase during replication by creating a nick in both strands of the DNA and rejoining them. Ciprofloxacin inhibits the topoisomerase activity and does not allow for DNA to be replicated causing cell death of the bacteria. Ciprofloxacin is therefore used to treat bacterial infections because it is selective for the type II topoisomerase found in bacterial cells.
730013201	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible, competitive inhibitor of DNA gyrase. DNA gyrase is a bacterial topoisomerase, which normally relieves the supercoiling of DNA during DNA replication in bacteria. Ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA gyrase from binding to supercoiled DNA strands, which prevents bacteria from replicating, thereby treating bacterial infection.
720517743	Ciprofloxacin is an orthosteric, reversible inhibitor of bacterial topoisomerase II enzymes - DNA Gyrase and Topo IV. In normal physiology, these enzymes create small nicks in both DNA strands which relieves DNA coiling strain, allowing for replication. By inhibiting these topoisomerase enzymes, the bacteria will be unable replicate DNA to make proteins - thus cannot proliferate or support cell function and eventually die.
730341519	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinalone that reversibly binds the DNA topoisomerase IV/gyrase-DNA complex in bacteria. This binding inhibits its normal function which is to relieve winding strain that accumulates as DNA is unwound for replication. Topo IV/gyrase are type 2 topoisomerases meaning they create a double stranded break in DNA; they are also specific to bacteria. By inhibiting Topo IV/gyrase, ciprofloxacin prevents DNA replication of the bacteria, thus preventing its propagation to other cells in the host and inhibits its ability to grow/survive.
730349484	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. It is a reversible orthosteric inhibitor of top2. Cipro blocks DNA gyrase from undoing supercoiled DNA which stops bacterial DNA replication. Normally, DNA gyrase would undo the supercoiled DNA and nucleic acid bases would be added as DNA polymerase ran along the strand. Ciprofloxacin blocks DNA synthesis in bacteria.
730300545	Ciprofloxacin is an irreversible inhibitor of topoisomerase enzymes topo IV and DNA gyrase. It is in the drug class fluroquinolone, which acts as an antibiotic. The drug&#39;s target is the topoisomerase enzymes topo IV and DNA gyrase. Normally, topoisomerase enzymes help relieve the strain from the winding coils during DNA transcription. Ciprofloxacin inhibits the topoisomerase enzymes from relieving the strain which makes the cell more susceptible to breakage and makes the bacterial cells unable to form and therefore stops the bacterial infection from spreading.
730304972	The API for ciprofloxacin in Cipro. Ciprofloxacin is fluoroquinolone antibiotic. This medication is a reversible inhibitor. Ciprofloxacin targets the precursor (D-ala-D-ala moiety) for the transpeptiase enzyme. Normally, transpeptidase recogonizes the specific D-ala-D-ala moiety in order to begin the process of transpeptidation. This causes bacterial cell wall biosynthesis through the formation of peptidoglycan crosslinkages in order to provide protection to the bacteria. Ciprofloxacin inhibits the recognition of the substrate by transpeptidase to prevent the formation of peptidoglycan crosslinks that are essentially for bacterial cell wall synthesis. Ciprofloxacin sequesters the substrate needed by transpeptidase to initiation bacterial cell wall biosynthesis and therefore transpeptidase is never able to find or recognize its substrate. It is used to treat bacterial infections.
730304973	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible, competitive, inhibitor. The drugs target is the transpeptidase . In normal physiology, transpeptidase is used to form cross links with peptidoglycan to make a strong cell wall. If ciproflaxacin inhibits the target it will not allow the bacteria to survive in the body. It will make a weaker cell wall/unstable.
730012843	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic that is a reversible, competitive inhibitor of DNA gyrase. In bacterial cells, DNA gyrase relaxes supercoiled DNA during DNA replication. When ciprofloxacin is introduced, it blocks DNA gyrase, which results in inhibiting relaxation of supercoiled DNA and promoting breakage of double-standed DNA. Therefore, bacteria cannot replicate their DNA to continue their life cycle in an infected individual.
730324303	1) ciprofloxacin is an antibiotic that works as a irriversible competitive inhibitor of bacterial DNA type II topoisomerase enzymes 2) The drug&#39;s target is gyrase which is a type of bacterial DNA type II topoisomerase enzymes which include topo IV and gyrase. 3) In normal physiology, bacterial DNA type II topoisomerases prevent supercoiled DNA by cleaving and unwinding both strands of the DNA during bacterial DNA replication. 4) By inhibiting topoisomerases, bacterial DNA will be supercoiled resulting to breakage of the DNA. As the result, bacterial protein synthesis will be inhibited and results in cell death. Therefore, ciprofloxacin works as an antibiotic agent.
720451649	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible inhibitor of bacterial DNA topomeriase type II [though it can have effects on mammalial DNA topomeriase] Topo IV and gyrase. These two help relax the supercoiling of DNA during replication. Ciprofloxacin inhibits this mechanism, so the DNA strands cannot relax and it prevents DNA replication, so bacterial replication stops which helps in treating bacterial infections.
730304974	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible competitive inhibitor of DNA gyrase, which is a type II topoisomerase in the bacterial nucleus. Normally, DNA gyrase binds to DNA and nicks both sides to relieve the tension and allow DNA replication. Ciprofloxacin binds to the DNA gyrase and blocks its binding to DNA, prevents DNA replication, and ultimately inhibits bacterial cell growth which is characteristic in bacterial infections.
730020056	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive inhibitor of the gyrase topoisomerase found in bacterial cells. In normal physiology, topoisomerases such as gyrase relieve tension and prevent supercoiling of DNA when DNA is unwinding during DNA replication. Gyrase is found in bacterial cells but not in human cells, so an inhibitor of gyrase such as ciprofloxacin would prevent it from performing its role in DNA replication, and the bacteria will not be able to replicate and proliferate to cause a bacterial infection.
720541446	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a cephalosporin antibiotic that acts as a competitive, reversible bacterial transpeptidase inhibitor. The drug&#39;s target is the bacterial transpeptidase. Bacterial transpeptidase is an enzyme that catalyzes a transpeptidation reaction to produce peptidoglycan to contribute to the bacterial cell wall. Therefore, ciprofloxacin mimics the peptide substrate that bacterial transpeptidase normally binds to and inhibits it from binding to the actual substrate; ultimately, the drug inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by inhibiting the final step of the transpeptidation reaction, preventing the bacteria from replicating and flourishing within the body.
730014494	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the topoisomerase enzyme, either gyrase or TOPO IV, used in bacterial DNA replication. In normal physiology, the topoisomerase enzyme relieves torsional strain caused by the unwinding of the DNA double helix that occurs during DNA replication. Ciprofloxacin binds to the DNA-topoisomerase complex and prevents it from relieving this strain, which inhibits DNA replication of the bacterial genome and kills the bacteria, therefore treating bacterial infections.
720401318	1. Competitive inhibitor 2. Type II topiosomerase enzymes DNA gyrase and Topo IV 3. relieves the tension from unwinding in DNA replication 4. By inhibiting the topiosomerase enzymes, ciprofloxacin halts bacteria replication
730344044	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible, competitive inhibitor of bacterial type II topoisomerases (e.g. DNA gyrase). Normally, DNA gyrase unwinds the supercoiled DNA, which reduces strain on the double helix and prevents breakage. Ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA gyrase, which prevents relaxation of the supercoiled bacterial DNA, which causes breakage of the double-stranded helix, and causes a bactericidal effect that works to help treat the bacterial infection.
730342829	Ciprofloxacin, the active pharamceutical ingredient for Cipro, is a reversible orthosteric inhibitor of the topoisomerase type 2 DNA complex in bacteria. Ciprofloxacin binds orthosterically to the DNA Gyrase of this complex when it is bound to DNA, inhibiting its action. In normal physiological function, DNA Gyrase and the topoisomerase enzymes in the complex relieve supercoiling of the bacterial DNA during replication to prevent strain that leads to strand breaking. When this complex is inhibited, the supercoiling of the DNA strands is not relieved and the built tension leads to breakage of DNA and thus inhibits replication of the bacterial genome. Without a functional genome, the bacterial cells cannot survive.
730361796	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible, competative inhibitor of the bacteria&#39;s Type II topoisomerase enzyme (DNA gyrase and Topo IV). Normally, these Type II topoisomerase enzymes relieve the winding chains which would otherwise be coiled up as bacterium&#39;s chromosomes for replication, which is essential for DNA replication. By inhibiting this activity, ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA replication, halts bacterial cell divisions and kills or stops the growth of baterias that can cause illness.
730009316	Ciprofloxacin or Cipro is a flouroquinolone antibiotic. Antibiotics treat bacterial infections. Flouroquinolones inhibit gyrase which is a bacterial type II topoisomerase. Topoisomerase is an enzyme involved in DNA replication which cleaves and reattaches portions of DNA to assist in its unwinding for replication. The type II indicates that it cleaves both strands of the double stranded DNA instead of nicking just one. Thus, flouroquinolones inhibit gyrase and prevent it from carrying out its intended function such that the DNA cannot unwind and DNA replication in the bacteria comes to a halt. This process effectively rids the body of bacterial infection.
730347896	Ciprofloxacin is a fluroquinolone antibiotic that acts as a competitive, reversible of the bacterial topoisomerase II class (gyrase and topo IV). This inhibition leads to the blockage of relaxation of supercoiled DNA and promote double strand DNA breakage that is necessary for DNA replication. This drug is used in various infections and leads to the killing of bacteria.
720461998	Ciprofloxacin is a fluroquinolone, acting as a competitive, reversible inhibitor of bacterial TopII proteins (specifically, DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV). These proteins are usually responsible for &quot;unwinding&quot; supercoiled DNA, allowing DNA polymerase access for replication. By inhibiting these topoisomerases, ciprofloxacin arrests DNA replication and subsequent cell proliferation, making it useful in resolving bacterial infections.
730078207	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic that functions as an inhibitor of Type 2 topoisomerase enzymes Gyrase and Topo IV. Type 2 topoisomerase enzymes break apart and afix two strands of DNA for replication and are also specific to bacterial replication. Gyrase and Topo IV are responsible for the relief of the strain from the unwinding of the DNA for replication. As ciprofloxacin acts as an inhibitor, Gyrase and Topo IV are unable to function properly and provide the relief from the strain of supercoiled DNA, thus, the drug promotes breakage in the bacterial DNA. Without the ability to replicate, the bacterial cells cannnot survive. This drug is indicated for bacterial infections.
730006868	Ciprofloxacin, brand name Cipro, is a fluorquinalone, which is a competitive reversible inhibitor of the DNA-gyrase/ Topoisomerase IV enzyme complex found in bacteria. Normally, DNA-Gyrase/Topoisomerase IV enzyme complex is essential in DNA replication. This topoisomerase II complex plays a role in the supercoiling and working out the kinks of DNA, which helps the DNA get in its proper form so that it can replicate the DNA and play a role in gene expression. Inhibitng the DNA-gyrase/Topoisomerase IV enzyme inhibits this supercoiling, so that the DNA never reaches the correct shape so that it can carry out its function of gene expression and gene transcription.
730363572	Ciprofloxacin (brand name Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone and a drug used to treat antibacterial infections. It is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of bacterial type 2 topoisomerase enzymes DNA gyrase and Topo IV. Normally, these topoisomerase enzymes will relieve winding strain that happens when the bacterium&#39;s chromosomes are being replicated. It is an essential enzyme to have successful DNA replication. Since Cipro inhibits DNA gyrase activity, it will prevent winding strain relief and there will be clustered and wound DNA that prevent DNA replication from occurring. If this activity is blocked bacterial replication will be unable to happen and the cells cannot replicate to form new infected cells, thus preventing bacterial infection from spreading further.
730364568	Ciprofloxacin is a Member of the fluoroquinolone drug class and is an inhibitor of type II topoisomerases, Top IV and Gyrase. Normally, these function to unwind DNA in bacteria to allow DNA replication to proceed. Inhibiting them prevents DNA replication and subsequently prevents bacterial growtH and can cause the bacteria to die. It is used to treat bacterial infections so preventing bacterial growth is the therapeutic goal.
730363249	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible inhibitor of topoisomerase type II in bacteria (DNA gryase and TOPO IV). Normally, topoisomerase II relieves the torsional strain of wound DNA allowing for replication of DNA. Ciprofloxacin inhibits topoisomerases functioning, resulting in supercoiling and torsional strain that results in DNA breakage. This ceases replication and also inhibits further bacterial replication. Thus, without the bacterial replication the drug serves as an antibiotic as the bacteria cannot expand and dies.
730338781	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive reversible inhibitor. Its target is DNA gyrase in bacterial cells. Normally, DNA gyrase is used to relieve tension when the DNA double helix is unwinding to complete the process of DNA replication in bacterial cells which is done so bacterial cells can grown and divide into two cells. Inhibition of this target results in increased tension in the DNA double helix causing it break which results in failure of the cell to replicate and divide. This decreases the presence of bacterial cells in the body which are characteristic of bacterial infections.
730341595	1)Ciprofloxacin is the API in Cipro. It belongs to drug class fluroquinolone antibiotics and is the reversible inhibitor of2) bacterial type II topoisomerase enzymes: DNA gyrase and Topo IV.3) Normally, topoisomerase enzymes like gyrase relieve the winding strain associated with bacterial circular chromosome replication. This step is essential for survival of the bacteria. 4) By inhibiting DNA gyrase and Topo IV, Ciprofloxacin blocks bacterial DNA replication and stops bacterial cell division. Through this process it kills or stops the bacteria associated with illness.
730015219	Ciprofloxacin is a fluroquinolone which targets the topoisomerase enzymes in bacterial cells. It is a reversible competitive inhibitor of DNA gyrase and Topo IV. Normally, topoisomerase relieves the supercoiled DNA and allows for DNA replication, but when ciprofloxacin binds to the bacterial topoisomerase, DNA will not be able to replicate which causes harm to the bacteria.
730305268	Ciprofloxacin is a revesable inhibitor that is special because it binds to both the enzyme and to DNA. The primary target for Ciprofloxacin is the type II topoisomerase DNA Gyrase. DNA gyrase&#39;s normal function is to relieve the supercoiling of DNA by cleaving both strands of DNA, allowing for proper replication of the bacterial genome. When DNA gyrase in inhibited by Ciprofloxacin is haults the relaxtion of supercoiled DNA which inhibits the bacteriams ability to replicates its DNA and multply eventually leading to cell death.
730305181	Ciprofloxacin (brand name is Cipro) is a drug that belongs to the class of fluroquinolone antibiotic. It inhibits DNA- gyrase which prevents DNA synthesis in bacteria. It is used to treat bacterial infections.
730300937	Ciprofloxacin ( Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. It targets type II topoisomerases DNA gyrase and TOPO IV. It is a competitive reversible inhibitor. In normal physiology DNA gyrase helps with the winding strain that comes from DNA replication of a bacteriums circular chromosome. If DNA gyrase is inhibited then the bacterium can no longer undergo DNA replication and therefore cannot reproduce.
730257887	Ciprofloxacin (brand name Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic that is a reversible, competitive inhibitor of prokaryotic type II topoisomerases, specifically gyrase and topo IV. Topoisomerase is an enzyme that relieves winding strain of DNA in order to open it up for DNA replication and transcription by helicase and polymerases. Without the enzyme to promote relaxation of tightly wound DNA, the double helix cannot open up to allow for DNA replication and protein synthesis, therefore inhibiting cell survival and replication. Ciprofloxacin acts on topoisomerases in this inhibitory manner to treat bacterial infections by blocking DNA and protein synthesis, thus preventing further microbial replication and growth.
730364945	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. It is a competitive reversible inhibitor of type 2 bacterial topoisomerases (DNA Gyrase and TopIV). Normally, DNA gyrase and TopIV work to reduce winding strain in the DNA strands during bacterial DNA replication. By inhibiting these important topoisomerases, ciprofloxacin acts to inhibit the reduction of this winding strain, which prevents proper DNA replication and stops the growth, reproduction, and propagation of bacteria that cause infection.
730301189	Cirpofloxacin is a irreversible inhibitor of topoisomerase 2, DNA gyrase. Its target is the DNA gyrase (topoisomerase). In normal physiology, DNA gyrase, type 2 of topoisomerase correct multi-base repairs in the DNA strands to release/relaxe the strain of the DNA strands. When Cirpofloxacin is taken, ciprofloxacin inhibits the topoisomerase&#39;s activities by inhibiting DNA gyrase. When DNA gyrase is inhibitied, it cannot do its normal functions. As a result, the repairs in DNA strands wouldnt be fixed, the strain in DNA strands wouldnt be released. When the DNA strands are twisted together, polymerase wouldnt be able to come in and read the DNA strands, so NO transcription would happen. No protein made.
730364732	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections. During the normal process of bacterial cell division, DNA is unwound from its supercoiled state in order for replication to occur. This unwinding process puts a large amount of strain on the DNA which is relaxed by the activity of bacterial type 2 topoisomerase proteins, DNA gyrase and Topo IV. The activity of type 2 topoisomerase proteins prevents the breakage of double stranded DNA as it is being unwound by its strain-reducing activity. Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the bacterial type 2 topoisomerase DNA gyrase and upon binding, prevents the activity of this protein and will result in breakage of bacterial DNA in replication due to unwinding stress, leading to inability of bacteria to replicate and thus cell death.
730302084	Ciprofloxacin is a flouroquinolone antiobiotic and is an inhibitor of bacterial DNA gyrase. Normally, DNA gyrase relieves torsional strain on the bacterial DNA during replication so that the genetic material can be effectively copied. Ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA gyrase, thus preventing DNA replication and by extension, prevents replication of the bacteria.
730012427	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of DNA Gyrase and Topo IV, bacterial type II topoisomerases. Normally, these topoisomerases relieve the strain caused during unwinding, which is an essential activity in effective bacterial cell replication. Ciprofloxacin inhibits the activity of these topoisomerases, killing or stopping the growth of the bacteria responsible for causing the bacterial infection.
730008469	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Its target is the topoisomerase enzyme expressed in bacteria. Normally topoisomerase is used to prevent super-coiling of DNA during replication by cutting a small break in the DNA backbone. When topoisomerase binds to DNA, ciprofloxacin will complex with both the enzyme and DNA to stop topoisomerase from relieving strain during replication. Ths results in super-coiling of the DNA which prevents DNA replication which is necessary to sustain bacterial cell life.
730308977	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible, orthosteric inhibitor of bacterial topoisomerase and gyrase enzymes in bacterial cells undergoing replication. This antibiotic targets DNA replication steps within the cytoplasm of bacterial cells that have infected a host, and prevents bacterial topoisomerase and gyrase enzymes from functioning properly. Normally, toposiomerase and gyrase aid in DNA replication by managing supercoiling that is associated with DNA strands unwinding. This allows for proper DNA replication and further transcription, protein production, and bacterial replication to occur. By stopping bacterial DNA synthesis at this vital step, bacterial cells are not able to replicate, which inhibits further proliferation and protein production that aids in survival. As a result, bacterial cells cannot survive and the body is able to clear the infection, resulting in subsiding symptoms associated with the bacterial infection.
730304975	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections (particularly Gram negative). Cipro is a competitive inhibitor of type II topoisomerases which include DNA gyrase and topoisomerase (topo) IV. In normal physiology, DNA gyrase and topo IV are involved in relieving strain in the DNA strands during DNA replication. Inhibition of DNA gyrase and topo IV halts DNA replication of the bacteria leading to bacterial eradication (bacteria is no longer able to proliferate). Though humans also have type II topoisomerases, they are different from prokaryotic type II topoisomerases; thus, there are few side effects in humans from ciprofloxacin.
730177416	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic that acts as a reversible competitive inhibitor of the bacterial topoisomerase II, DNA gyrase. When a pathogen infects a person, the goal of therapy is to destroy the pathogen selectively without damaging the human cells to eliminate the infection. Fluoroquinolones specifically target DNA gyrase because it is a form of topoisomerase II only found in bacterial cells, not human cells. Under normal conditions DNA gyrase produces nicks in the DNA coil during transcritpition to prevent supercoiling and allow for the production of RNA and subsequent proteins. Inhibition of this process prevents transcription and therefore prevents the synthesis of necessary proteins within the bacteria, ultimaely leading to lysis of the bacterial cell and removal of the disease.
730309632	Ciprofloxacin (brand name Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic that is a competitive reversible inhibitor of the bacterial topoisomerase enzyme. Normally, the topoisomerase enzyme functions in DNA replication to help alleviate the strain associated with unwinding the DNA double helix so that the template strand can be accessible to DNA polymerase for replication. Fluoroquinolone antibiotics, such as ciprofloxacin, bind to the DNA-topoisomerase complex to prevent the enzyme from relieving the strain, and thus, inducing DNA breakage, preventing replication of the bacterial genome and further infection by the bacteria.
730163687	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the bacterial Type II topoisomerase enzyme. It is part of the fluoroquinolone drug class and is an antibiotic. It acts on gyrase and/or Topo IV in bacteria. Normally, topoisomerase takes the role of relieving the strain of unwinding DNA, when the bacteria is replicating. Ciprofloxacin blocks the topoisomerase activity, thereby preventing bacterial DNA replication and treating bacterial infection.
730227103	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible inhibitor of the type II topoisomerase. The drug targets type II topoisomerases (DNA gyrase and TOPO IV) in bacteria. In normal physiology the topoisomerase relieves the strain of unwinding during DNA replication. With this drug being an inhibitor of this enzyme, the strain from DNA unwinding will not be relieved which will predispose the DNA to breakage during replication and prevent proper DNA replication from occuring. Preventing DNA replication in the bacteria will lead to the elimination of the infection because the bacteria will not be able to replicate.
730308980	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic that acts as a competitive, reversible inhibitor of gyrase. Normally, gyrase relieves torsional strain due to DNA unwinding for replication. By inhibiting gyrase, ciprofloxacin does not allow for the torsional stress to be relieved and induces double-stranded breaks in the DNA. This inhibits replication of the DNA and thus, growth of the bacteria.
730084405	ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone that acts as a competitive reversible inhibitor by binding to the DNA- gyrase (bacterial topoisomerase) complex to prevent relaxation of the supercoiled DNA and the breakage of double stranded DNA. Normally, topoisomerase acts to relieve the strain of unwinding the DNA double helix, and relax supercoiled DNA. By inhibiting this action, the double stranded DNA breaks and the bacteria cannot continue to replicate.
730042911	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible orthosteric competitive inhibitor of bacterial Type 2 topimerase. The drug targets are DNA gyrase and TOP IV. In normal physiology, the DNA topimerase unwinds/decreases tension in supercoiled DNA so that they can proceed in replication. When ciprofloxacin binds to the drug target, it prevents the DNA from unwinding and proceeding with replication. As a result, it prevents further growth and proliferation of the bacteria. It is bacteriostatic in nature.
730301145	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone that is a competitive, irreversible inhibitor of DNA-gyrase in bacterial cells. Normally, DNA-gyrase in bacterial cells works to relax the supercoiling of bacterial DNA to prevent DNA breakage. When ciprofloxacin binds to DNA-gyrase and inhibits its function, the bacterial DNA breaks and the cell cannot replicate its DNA.
730043583	Ciprofloxacin is a fluroquinolone antibiotic. It reversibly binds to the Gryase-DNA complex in bacterial cells. Normally, gyrase (a type II topoisomerase) binds to DNA during replication and relaxes the DNA as it is getting unwound by the helicase. The gryase makes two cuts in the DNA and also reconnects the DNA at the cut sites. The ciprofloxacin binds to both the gryase enzyme and the DNA is it connected to and inhibits these activities. This in turn stops the bacterial DNA from replication, which prevents the production of more bacteria, stopping colonization, which is necessary for an infection to occur.
730305983	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. It is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist. Its target is topoisomerase 2 enzymes, gyrase and Top4, in bacterial cells. In normal physiology, bacterial gyrase relaxes supercoiled DNA so that it can be replicated. Ciprofloxacin inhibits DNA gyrase in bacterial cells, preventing DNA replication, ultiamtely causing the bacteria to die because they are unable to replicate and further infect the host.
730305085	N/A
720141645	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive inhibitor of the topoisomerase type 2 enzymes located in the nucleus of bacterial cells. Normally topoisomerase type 2 enzymes such as DNA Gyrase or Topo IV relieve strain of the DNA molecule during DNA replication so that the DNA can be replicated properly. Ciprofloxacin inhibits type 2 topoisomerases therefore preventing successful DNA replication in bacteria. This then prevents the growth of bacteria.
730011977	Ciprofloxacin (CIpro) is a beta-lactam antibiotic. This means that the drug is a competitive inhibtor of transpeptidase, an enzyme that helps make the bacterial cell wall. Normally, the drug&#39;s target, transpeptidase, functions to cleave the D-Ala-D-Ala portion of a glycopeptide in order to form cross links, an essential component of the bacterial cell wall. Blocking this activity helps kill off gram negative bacteria that are causing a patient&#39;s infection.
730362445	Ciprofloxacin is a inhibitor of the bacterial type 2 topoisomerases, DNA gyrase and Topo IV. Under normal physiological conditions, DNA gyrase is responsible for relieving the winding strain that occurs after replication of the bacteria&#39;s circular chromosome. By inhibiting DNA gyrase, ciprofloxacin will prevent this winding strain from being relieved. This will prevent DNA replication from being completed and lead to stoppage of growth or the death of the bacterial cell.
730305984	Cipro (ciprofloxacin) is an reversible inhibitor of the DNA gyrase, a topoisomerase enzyme found only in bacterial cells. In normal bacterial physiology, DNA gyrase acts as a type 2 topoisomerase to relieve the supercoiling that occurs during DNA replication. The enzyme aids in the process of DNA replication by cleaving one site on each side of the double stranded DNA and allowing the strands to uncoil and reconnect, permiting healthy DNA replication, bacterial cell proliferation and survival. Cipro is a fluoroquinolone that acts to inhibit the action of DNA gyrase by binding both the DNA strand and the enzyme during the &quot;broken&quot; phase. This inhibition disallows normal DNA replication, which halts the production of proteins and other essential biochemical products. Without normal DNA replication, the bacterial cell dies and thus the therapeutic utility of Cipro is seen in treating bacterial infections.
730305023	fluoroquinolone bacterial type 2 topoisomerase inhibitor Normally, type 2 topoisomerase unwind the DNA strain in bacterial circular chromosome during replication, which is an essential step for DNA replication. inhibit type 2 topoisomerase DNA gyrase halt bacterial DNA replication, stop cell growth, cause cell death, thus treating bacterial infections.
730335119	Ciprofloxacin is a reversible, competitive fluoroquinolone antibiotic agent that targets the gyrase enzyme and topoisomerase IV in bacteria. In normal bacterial physiology, gyrase/topo IV relaxes DNA supercoiling to allow DNA replication that is crucial for the survival of bacteria. Ciprofloxacin inhibits gyrase by preventing the relieve of DNA strains to inhibit bacterial growth in order to treat bacterial infections such as pneumonia.
720520297	Ciprofloxacin (fluoroquinolone) is a reversible inhibitor of DNA bacterial topoisomerase (DNA-gyrase and Topo IV). Normally, topoisomerase unwinds the coiled DNA strand in order for DNA replication to occur. Ciprofloxacin inhibits topoisomerase which prevents the supercoiled DNA from unwinding and promotes breakage of the double stranded DNA, preventing the bacterial from replicating and spreading and thus treating the bacterial infection.
730305285	Ciprofloxacin is a fluoroquinalone antibiotic that is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of DNA gyrase. Normally, DNA gyrase assists in relief of winding strain and is necessary for cell division. As an inhibitor of DNA gyrase, fluoroquinalone prevents cell division and stops the spread of a bacterial infection.
720507989	Ciprofloxacin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the Topoisomerase Type II (DNA Gyrase) enzyme in bacteria. Topoisomerase Type II relieves strain in supercoiled bacterial DNA through breaking and re-joining two strands of the DNA duplex. By inhibiting the action of Topoisomerase, ciprofloxacin prevents proper bacterial DNA replication which kills bacteria to treat bacterial infections.
730308983	Ciprofloxacin (Cipro) is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, acting as an inhibitor to the topiosomerase (Type II, Gyrase and TOPOIV) in bacterial cells. Normally, topiosomerase function to relieve winding during DNA replication, a critical step for proper DNA replication. Inhibiotor binding blocks topoisomerase function, preventing DNA replication from occuring, treating bacterial infections.
