730336623	Exenatide is an orthosteric reversible GLP-1 agonist. It targets GLP-1 receptors in the liver, muscle, and adipose tissue. Normally, GLP-1 binds to the GPCR and stimulates Galpha-s which increases cAMP concentration to increase glucose uptake and increase glucose dependent insulin secretion. By acting as an agonist, exenatide mimics GLP-1s activity increasing insulin sensitivity at peripheral tissues, increasing glucose-dependent insulin secretion, and increasing glucose uptake, thereby treating hyperglycemia which aids in the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes.
730009227	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist. It targets the GLP-1 receptor on pancreatic beta cells. In normal physiology, eating food triggers the release of GLP-1, which activates the GLP-1R to increase glucose dependent insulin secretion. However, GLP-1 can be degraded easily, so many drugs like exenatide are modified in order to prevent degradtion and prolong drug action. Thus, exenatide activates the GLP-1 receptor to increase insulin levels in the body for an extended time in order to reduce the hyperglycemia characteristic of type two diabetes.
711510047	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist that binds the GLP-1 receptor which is a G-alpha-s-coupled GPCR located on liver cells. In normal physiology, when blood glucose levels are high, the incretin GLP-1 binds and indirectly stimulates glucose-dependent insulin secretion thereby increasing levels of glycogen synthase and decreasing levels of gluconeogenesis in order to reduce blood glucose levels. Exenatide is chemically-modified to stay in circulation for much longer than endogenous GLP-1 and, by binding and activating the GLP-1 receptor, exenatide indirectly stimulates glucose-dependent insulin secretion that is able to reduce blood glucose levels, thereby treating the hyperglycemia associated with T2DM.
730301143	Exenatide is a reversible, competitive agonist of the GLP-1 receptor located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 activates GLP-1R, signaling through G-alpha-s to increase cAMP, activate PKA, increase intracellular Calcium concentration, and stimatulate glucose-dependent insulin secretion from beta cells. As an agonist, exenatide enhances GLP-1R activity to stimulate the release of insulin, which lowers blood glucose levels in the treatment of Type 2 DM.
730008206	Excenatide (Byetta, Bydureon) is a GLP-1 receptor agonist. GlP-1 receptors are located on the beta cells of the pancreas and upon binding to glucose induce glucose-dependent insulin release. As a GLP-1 receptor agonist, exenatide binds to GLP-1R and tiggers insulin release in the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
720431068	Exenatide is a direct GLP-1 Receptor Agonist located on pancreatic B-cells. Normally, GLP-1 acts to increase glucose dependent insulin secretion, increase the insulin sensitivity of the pancreatic b-cells (characteristic of diabetes), promote early satiety, and increase gastric emptying. As an agonist, exenatide will mimic GLP-1 to reduce the symptoms of T2DM as indicated above.
730170143	Exenatide is an orthostatic, reversible agonist of the GLP1 receptor in pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP binds to GLP1R and stimulates glucose-dependent insulin secretion. Exenatide mimics the behavior of GLP and binds to GLP1R to increase insulin secretion in order to treat insulin deficiency found in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730337615	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor antagonist. Normally the GLP-1 receptor, found on the beta cells of the pancreas, is bound by GLP-1 and stimulates glucose-dependent insulin secretion. By acting as an orthosteric antagonist, exenatide binds the GLP-1 receptor and stimulates insulin secretion from the pancreas which leads to a decrease in hyperglycemia associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730046634	Exenatide is a reversible orthosteric agonist of the GLP1 receptor. The GLP1R is found on pancreatic beta cells and is normally activated by glucagon-like-peptides to increase the level of insulin secretion. This leads to increased glucose uptake into skeletal muscle, adiopse tissue, and liver and prompting glycogen biosynthesis in the liver. As an agonist of this pathway, exenatide will increase the amount of glucose dependent insulin secretion to reduce to level of circulating glucose to help alleviate symptoms of T2DM.
720516197	Exenatide is an agonist of GLP-1 receptor located on the beta cell of pancreas. Normally, when you consume food, GLP-1 is secreted and binds to GLP-1 receptor, increasing the glucose-dependent insulin secretion. It also inhibit excessive glucagon secretion, slows the gastric emptying and causes early satiety. As a GLP-1 agonist, exenatide binds to GLP-1 receptor and promotes more glucose-depedent insulin secretion to treat type 2 diabetes.
730010565	Exenatide is a competitive, reversible agonist of GLP-1 receptors on pacreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 is the endogenous agonist of the GLP-1R and acts through G-alpha-s to increase cAMP. This process allows for glucose-dependent insulin release from the pancreatic beta cells. Therefore, the administration of a GLP-1 agonist such as exenatide aims to increase insulin secretion, which helps to lower hyperglycemia that is characteristic of type II diabetes.
720391577	Exenatide (Byetta, Bydureon) is a GLP-1 Receptor agonist (reversible and competitive). GLP-1 receptors are located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1, the endogenous ligand, acts to stimulate GLP-1R which leads to activated of G-alpha-s and increase adenylyl cyclase, which generates cAMP. As a result of this pathway being stimulated glucose dependent insulin secretion is increased which allows for reduction of hyperglycemia. As an agonist of GLP-1R, exenatide works in the same way as GLP-1 and increases glucose depenedent insulin secretion in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus to lower their blood glucose levels.
730301183	Exenatide also know as byetta is a GLP-1 agonist that was derived from the gila monster that is indicated for T2DM. GLP-1 agonist work by binding the GLP-1 receptor which is a GPCR coupled to G alpha s, this causes an increase in cAMP and the ultimate release of insulin. In our bodies GLP-1 can be degraded by DPP-4, however exenatide is not degraded by DPP-4 allowing it to have a longer half-life.
730306031	Exenatide, also known as Byetta, is a GLP-1 Receptor Agonist. GLP-1 receptor is a GPCR coupled to G alpha s. When activated, GLP-1 receptors take in glucose which stimulates the release of insulin on beta cells. Exenatide increases the expression and activity of these receptors. This ultimately leads to higher sensitivity and secretion of insulin (dependent on oral glucose intake) and management of hyperglycemia for those with T2DM. Those with T2DM have a decreased sensitivity to glucose to stimulate insulin secretion. Therefore, exenatide helps control hyperglycemia in those with T2DM.
730336866	Exenatide (Byetta) is a GLP-1 receptor agonist. GLP-1 [incretin derived from entero-endocrine cells of the intestines via the cleavage of proglucagon by PC1/3] is a hormone that functions to regulate glycemic control by acting on beta-cells of the pancreas. Exenatide, a GLP-1 mimetic [synthetic molecule derived from glia monster to avoid DPP-4 cleavage] targets the GLP-1R on beta cells of the pancreas to promote glucose-dependent insulin secretion. The binding of the endogenous agonist GLP-1, to the GLP-1R results in the actiavtion of G-alpha-s which increases the concentration of cAMP and activates PKA resulting in the promotion of glucose-dependent insulin secretion to enhance glycemic control, sensitize key cells to insulin, preserve beta cell mass, and promote satiety. Exenatide, as a GLP-1 mimetic, actiavtes the GLP-1R and has the same effects as the endogenous GLP-1 but serves as a novel drug by reducing A1c, causing substantial weight loss without issues related to hypoglycemia.
720511985	Exenatide (Byetta, Bydureon) is a competitive irreversible agonist of GLP-1R on beta pancreatic cells. GLP-1R is typically bound by GLP-1 and signals through Gas, to increase cAMP, leading to opening of calcium channels to trigger glucose-dependent insulin secretion. Binding with a GLP-1R agonist produces this same therapeutic effect, releasing insulin, and reducing hyperglycemia.
720514156	Exenatide (Brand name Byetta) is GLP1 Receptor agonist. Exenatide orthosterically binds to GLP 1 Receptor on pancreatic beta cells. In normal physiology, glucose binds to GLP-1 and signals for insulin secretion (glucose dependent insulin secretion). Exenatide binds to GLP1 Receptor and activates insulin secretion and inhibits gluconeogenesis which lowers blood glucose levels aiding in the treatment of Type II Diabetes.
730339317	Exenatide is a GLP-1 Receptor agonist that binds to the GLP-1 receptor expressed on beta cells located on the pancreas. Normally, when GLP-1 receptors are activated by the binding of GLP-1 they signal via Gs to increase cAMP to activate PKA to stimulate the release to glucose dependent insulin secretion. As an agoinst, Exenatide also binds to this receptor and stimulates this pathway to stimulate the release of glucose dependent insulin secretion. As a result blood glucose concentration decreases resulting in a decrease in hyperglicemia characteristic of T2DM.
730007672	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 Receptor, located on pancreatic beta cells. In normal physiology, GLP-1R is activated by GLP-1 to increase glucose dependent insulin secretion. Exenatide acts as an agonist of GLP-1R, increasing glucose dependent insulin secretion, and reducing the hyperglycemia characteristic of diabetes mellitus.
730010615	Exenatide (Byetta) is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the GLP-1 receptor (GLP-1R) located on beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, GLP-1Rs, which are Gas coupled GPCR receptors, are agonized by GLP-1 (the endogenous ligand), resulting in activation of AC, an increase in cAMP, and activation of PKA. PKA then results in downstream effects in the beta cells that result in an increase in glucose dependent insulin release. When PKA is activated by this pathway, the beta cell becomes more sensitive to glucose and more responsive in the release of insulin. This glucose dependent insulin release results in glucose being taken up by the liver, adipose, and muscle tissues, and thus reduces glucose levels in the blood. Exenatide, acting as a GLP-1 agonist, also binds to the Gas GPCR GLP1R and activates AC, increasing cAMP, and activating PKA, thus ultimatly increasing glucose dependent insulin secretion from beta cells. Due to its affect, Exenatide can be used to decrease serum glucose levels and and prevent hyperglycemia associated with type II DM.
730308943	Exenatide is a reversible, orthosteric agonist. The target of exenatide is the glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor located on pancreatic beta cells. The GLP-1 receptor is a GPCR that acts via downstream G proteins. Normally, GLP-1 binds to the receptor and it induces insulin secretion via downstream effectors. Exenatide, acting as an agonist, also induces insulin secretion for the treatment of hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. Because it induces secretion of insulin, it is considered an insulin dependent mechanism and would not be effective is the body did not produce enough insulin.
730305075	Exenatide is a competitive, reversible GLP-1 receptor agonist. In normal physiology, GLP-1 binds to the GLP-1 receptor located on pancreatic beta cells. Upon binding, GLP-1 triggers insulin release through a cascade of events resulting in glucose biosynthesis and glycolysis to restore blood glucose levels. Exenatide is a synthetic GLP-1 that has altered structure to increase bioavalibility and prevent degradation by DPP-4. Also, exenatide can produce weight loss effects in diabetic patients which could also improve symptoms associated with diabetes.
730344007	Exenatide is an agonist of GLP1-R located on pancreatic beta cells. GLP1-R signals via Gs to increase concentrations of cAMP via AC to release intracellular calcium stores to allow insulin vessicles to fuse with the cell membrane to induce secretion of insulin into the bloodstream. Exenatide promotes this physiologic function to lower blood sugar through insulin-dependent glucose uptake.
730300292	Exenatide is an agonist of GLP-1 receptor, which is expressed in the beta cell of pancreas. Normally, with the presence of insulin, GLP-1 receptors are activated by the incretin GLP-1, stimulating the release of insulin. As the GLP-1 receptor agonist, exenatide also stimulates the release of insulin, and increase sensitivity of insulin responsiveness. Moreover, since GLP-1 receptors are also expressed in GI tract, exenatide has the additional benefit of weight loss by slowering gastric emptying. Therefore it can be used to decrease blood glucose and mange type II diabetes. It&#39;s often used as an add-on to first-line antidiabetics.
730302081	Exenatide is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of GLP-1 receptors found on beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, the GLP-1 peptide binds to the GPCR GLP-1 receptor to activate the g-alpha-s protein. This activation increases intracellular levels of cyclic AMP to yield glucose dependent insulin secretion. As an agonist of the GLP-1R, exenatide increases glucose dependent insulin secretion to allow for more glucose uptake and metabolism by peripheral and liver cells. The accentuated serum glucose uptake will aid in the lowering of the characteristic hyperglycemia found in type-2 diabetes mellitus patients.
730336309	Exenatide, brand name Byetta, is a GLP-1R agonist. This GLP-1 receptor is on the surface of pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 binds on the beta cell surface and leads to an increase in insulin secretion, increase in insulin sensivity, and increase in glycogen synthase and glycolysis. Exenatide agonizes these effects when it binds to the GLP-1 receptor to increase glucose-dependent insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity to ultimately decrease the hyperglycemia seen in type II Diabetes Mellitus.
730203946	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1R located in pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 is the endogenous ligand that activates GLP-1R, which is coupled to Gas to increase [cAMP] and result in glucose dependent insulin secretion. By acting as an agonist, exenatide mimics the activity of GLP-1 at the receptor, leading to glucose dependent insulin secretion and treatment of T2DM.
730092448	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 Receptor in pancreatic beta cells in the liver. Glucagon-like-peptide (GLP) is an endogenous ligand for the GLP-1 Receptor and once bound, this allows release of insulin in response to rising glucose levels in the blood. Exenatide acts as an agonist for GLP-1 and stimulates insulin release in response to hyperglycemia to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730337192	Exenatide is an agonist of GLP-1 receptors located in the liver cell. Normally, as the GLP-1 receptors get activated, it will release insulin to decrease the plasma glucose level. As an agonist of GLP-1 receptor, exenatide stimulates glucose-dependent insulin release, decrease the glucose output from the liver, increase beta cell activity in order to lower hyperglycemia and treat T2DM.
730300464	Exenatide (brand name Byetta) is an agonsit of GLP-1 receptor, a class B GPCR. In normal physiology, GLP-1 receptors are found on pancreatic beta cells and are activated by GLP-1, a type of endogenous incretin, when blood sugar levels are elevated. GLP-1 receptor activation leads to glucose-dependent insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells to decrease blood sugar levels. Exenatide also activates the GLP-1 receptor to increase glucose-dependent insulin secretion causing a decrease in hyperglycemia exhibited by Type II diabetes mellitus patients.
730300715	Exenatide (Byetta) is a GLP1 receptor agonist and the receptor is found on pancreatic beta cells. In normal physiology, incretins such as GLP1 are released by intestinal endocrine cells in response to feeding, which bind to GLP1 to signal through Gas. This increases glucose-dependent insulin release from the beta cells as well as promotes satiety. Insulin release leads to a decrease in blood glucose levels for the treatment of type 2 diabetes melitus.
730008212	Exenatide is a reverible, orthosteric agonist of GLP-1 receptors localized on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 receptors are activated by GLP-1 which functions through G alpha s to increase cAMP concentrations and stimulate PKA which increases glucose dependent insulin secretion. As an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor, exenatide increases glucose dependent insulin secretion, decreases inappropraite glucogan synthesis, increases beta cell activity, and slows gastric emptying to effectively lower blood glucose levels and treat hyperglycemia, a characterist symptom of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730305176	Exenatide (Bydureon) is an agonist of the glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor found on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 binds to this receptor and leads to glucose dependent insulin secretion, gastric emptying, and satiety. When exenatide binds to this receptor, it mimics the effects of GLP-1 and leads to glucose dependent insulin secretion as well as increased gastric emptying and increased satiety. This makes it a useful agent in helping to treat hyperglycemia, as increased insulin secretion would lead to better glucose uptake. Additionally, the gastric emtpying and increased satiety make exenatide useful in helping patients lose weight.
730308947	Exenatide is a medication indicated in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. It is GLP1-R agonist (glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor) which is a GPCR. GLP1 binds to its receptor on the beta cells of the pancreas which stimulates the production of insulin in these cells. GLP1 receptor agonists mimic GLP1 and enhance the production of insulin in the the beta cells of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, where production of insulin might be otherwise limited.
730305017	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptors on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 activates GLP-1Rs to signal through Gs increase cellular Ca2+ and depolarize the beta cell to trigger glucose-dependent insulin release. Exenatide activates GLP-1R to cause glucose-dependent insulin release and target cell insulin sensitization that helps combat hyperglycemia that is characteristic of diabetes mellitus.
730332858	Exenatide is a GLP-1 agonist to the GLP-1 GPCR found on pancreatic beta-cells. Normally, GLP-1 binds to this receptor and signals through Gq. This results in the cleavage of IP3 and DAG and leads to an increase in intracellular calcium which triggers insulin secretion. This method of glucose-dependent insulin secretion increases glucose uptake and utilization from the blood for use in patients with Diabetes Mellitus.
730335667	Exenatide or Bydureon/Byetta is a GLP-1 agonist that is reversible and is used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. GLP-1 typically acts as a phosphatase that phosphorylizes glucose, and we want to agonize this to increase incretin levels in hopes of lowering glucose levels in diabetic patients. Diabetic patients by definition have high levels of glucose.
730000106	Exenatide acts as an orthosteric, GLP-1 Receptor agonist. The GLP-1 receptor is located on the Beta-cells of the pancreas and is bound by GLP-1 in normal physiology. GLP-1 is released from the GI tract following glucose intake to act in a supportive role to insulin in glycemic control. GLP-1 then binds the GLP-1 receptor on the pancreatic beta-cells. This receptor is a GPCR coupled to G-alpha S. Upon GLP-1 binding, the the alpha unit of the GPCR leads to increased activity of adenylate cyclase which results in an increase in cAMP and the activation of PKA. Such activation results in a phosphorylation cascade and the ultimate release of insulin from vesicles in the pancreatic beta-cell. Therefore, the GLP-1 receptor promotes glucose-dependent insulin secretion to indirectly lower blood glucose levels. Siince exenatide acts as a GLP-1 receptor agonist, exenatide promotes the release of insulin from pancreatic beta-cells to treat hyperglycemia associated with Type-2 diabetes as well as promote Beta-cell health and insulin reresponsiveness in the periphary. However, this treatment is insulin dependent and utilizes evasion techniques to prevent degradation by DPP-4.
720543380	Exenatide (byetta) is a GLP-1 analog that stimulates GLP-1 receptors in the pancrease for the treatment of type 2 diabetes metllitus. GLP-1 receptors are GCPRs that are linked to G alpha s, and when stimulated by GLP-1 cause the increase of cAMP, activation AC and protein kinase A. This causes glucose-dependent insulin release, preserved beta cell mass, increase insulin sensitivity, and weight loss. Exenatide is an agonist to GLP-1R and when they bind they cause the same response of GLP-1 such as preserved beta cell mass, glucose-dependent insulin release, increase insulin sensitvity, and weight loss which aids in lowering hyperglycemic levels in Type II diabetic patients. Exenatide is modifed so that is is not readily degraded by DPP-4, and is often noted for its weight loss properties.
720498432	exenatide is an agonist of Glucagon like peptide-1 receptors (GLP-1R) located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1R is activated by GLP-1 to stimulate glucose-dependent insulin secretion. As an agonist, exenatide binds to the GLP-1R to secrete insulin and decrease blood sugar levels (hyperglycemia) which is characteristic of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730305293	Exenatide (byetta) is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor. This receptor is located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally this receptor would be bound by endogenous GLP-1 and would activate this GPCR and propagate the signal through a G-alpha-s subunit. By binding to this receptor GLP-1 increases glucose-dependent insulin secretion and ehnaces the activities of insulin. By being an agonist of this receptor, exenatide also increases glucose-dependent insulin secretion leading to enhnaced glycemic control, weight loss, and treatment of hyperglycemia that is characteristic of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730011523	Exenatide is a GLP-1R Agonist, it mimics endogenous GLP-1 and binds to the GLP-1R on beta cells in the pancreas. GLP-1R normally binds GLP-1 which is released during the fed state, or after a person has eaten food. GLP-1 travels to the pancreas from the GI tract and causes glucose dependent insulin secretion, it also decreases inappropriate secretion of glucagon. Exenatide has these same functions; it stimulates insulin secretion, decreases glucagon, but also slows gastric emptying and leads to significant weight loss. Together these actions decrease blood glucose to counter hyperglycemia exhibited by type 2 diabetic patients and leads to weight loss.
730335668	Exenatide is a reversible agonist of the GLP-1 receptor located on beta cells of the pancreas. This receptor is normally activated by glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), which induces a conformational change that allows ion channels to open. This change in ion concentrations then stimulates insulin release from the beta cells. By acting as a mimic of this endogenous ligand, exenatide is able to enhance stimulation of the GLP-1 receptor, resulting in insulin release in patients with type 2 diabetes. Chemical modifications allow exenatide to have a longer half life than GLP-1 itself, making it a good option for glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes.
730003873	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor located on pancreatic beta cells. In normal physiology, GLP-1 activates the receptor, a GPCR, leading to a dissociation of the alpha subunit and downstream effects that lead to glucose-mediated insulin secretion. By acting as a GLP1 agonist, exenatide leads to insulin release, increasing circulating insulin levels and decreasing the hyperglycemia associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730338780	Exenatide (Byetta) is a GLP-1R agonist, typically, GLP-1 binds to GLP1-R on liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose cells and is responsible for metabolic regulation of blood glucose through regulation of gluconeogensis and glycogen storage. By agonizing these receptors, we can improve the ability of these cells to take up glucose and lower blood glucose levels in diabetic patients.
730309028	Exenatide is an agonist of glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor (GLP-1R) located on the beta cells in the pancreas. Normally, GLP-1R is activated by GLP-1 which couples with G-alpha s to increase cAMP production and activate PKA. This stimulates metabolic and gluconeogenic processes that increase the secretion of insulin, promote glucagon synthesis, and increase activity of glucose transporters, such as GLUT4. Since exenatide acts as an agonist of GLP-1R, it will also stimulate the increased secretion of insulin, which loers hyperglycemia that is characteristic of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
730337566	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor found on the beta cells of the pancreas. In normal physiology, GLP-1 is released from the intestines and activate the GLP-1 receptor, a GPCR acting through G&amp;alpha;s, to increase the concentrations of cAMP and calcium ions. This initiates glucose-dependent insulin release for the body tissues to take in glucose and decrease the concentration of glucose in the blood. As an agonist of this receptor, exenatide mimics the endogenous ligand to stimulate glucose-dependent insulin release and treat the hyperglycemia associated with type II diabetes mellitus.
730305078	Exenatide (Bydureon) is an agonist of GLP-1 receptors on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, the incretin GLP binds to GLP1-R to activate it. As a Class B GPCR, GLP1-R is linked to Galpha-s, which will increase cAMP to then increase glucose-dependent insulin secretion. Insulin will then work to lower blood glucose levels. As an agonist of GLP1-R, exenatide activates the receptor to increase glucose-dependent insulin secretion and reduce hyperglycemia characteristic of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730341594	Exenatide, otherwise known as Byetta, is a GLP-1 receptor agonist. GLP-1 receptor is located on pancreatic beta cells and is normally activated by GLP-1, an incretin. Upon binding, GLP-1 activates this receptor to stimulate glucose-dependent insulin secretion, especially after food has been consumed. Consequently, insulin is secreted into the bloodstream. This signals to adipose and muscle cells to uptake glucose from the blood and liver cells to store it as glycogen. Hyperlipidemia is characterized by having a high blood glucose level. By activating this receptor, exenatide induces glucose-dependent insulin secretion in order to lower the blood glucose level and treat hyperlipidemia in an affected patient.
720433193	The brand name for exenatide is Bydureon, which is an agonist (GLP-1 analog). It is an agonist which binds onto the GPCRs (GLP-1R on beta pancreatic cells) to enhance the insulin secretion from these beta pancreatic cells to treat Type II Diabetes Mellitus. Normally, GLP (incretin) binds onto these receptors which activate the G-alpha-s subunit that eventually increases the cAMP levels to promote weight loss, enhance insulin secretion, insulin sensitivity at target areas (skeletal and adipose tissues and liver). This eventually decreases excess glucose in the blood once insulin is secreted. As an agonist, exenatide is able to work in a similar fashion as endogenous GLP-1. Similar to liraglutide, exenatide promotes increased satiety and decrease in gastric emptying. The generic, exenatide, is helpful because it is able to last longer for therapeutic effects, compared to the endogenous GLP-1. GLP-1 is normally degraded by DPP4, so the half-life is less than the exogenous drugs (ex. exenatide) because it is not degraded by the serine protease DPP4.
730005239	Exenatide is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the GLP-1 receptor. This GLP-1 receptor is located on the beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, when the body senses an increase of glucose in the bloodstream, GLP-1 will bind and activate the GLP-1 receptor which is paired with Gs to increase cAMP. This stimulates beta cells, leading to glucose dependent insulin secretion. Exenatide acts as an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor and therefore, will increase the effects of the receptor. The increased glucose dependent insulin secretion will lead to increased glycogen biosynthesis in the liver and increased uptake of glucose in the adipose and skeletal muscle cells to have the overall effect of decreasing glucose in the boodstream and treating type 2 DM.
730014075	Exenatide is an orthosteric agonist of the GLP-1R located on pancreatic beta cells. The target&#39;s role in normal physiology is to bind GLP-1 which activates G-alpha-s, increases cAMP, which causes the cell to release insulin. Exenatide treats T2DM by binding to the GLP-1R resulting in glucose-sensitive insulin secretion effectively lowering blood glucose levels.
730009068	Exenatide (brand name Byetta) is a reversible, orthosteric GLP-1R agonist. The GLP-1 receptor is a GPCR located on beta cells; it normally signals via G-alpha-s increasing adenylyl cyclase and cAMP to increase glucose uptake and its storage as glycogen. When bound to GLP-1R, exenatide enhances GLP-1R&#39;s effects and increases glucose-dependent insulin secretion and decreases hyperglycemia in the treatment of type 2 DM.
730081905	Exenatide is a competitive and reversible GLP-1R agonist. GLP-1R is a GPCR located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1R is activated by GLP-1 to signal through Gas to increase cAMP, activate PKA, and secrete insulin. Acting as an agonist, exenatide can also activate the GLP-1R to secrete insulin, which promotes the reuptake of glucose and its storage as glycogen to lower blood glucose levels for the treatment of hyperglycemia that is characteristic of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730012332	Exenatide is a an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor on the beta cells in the pancreas. In normal physiology GLP-1 binds to the GLP-1 receptor in order to induce transcription of proinsulin and increase glucose dependent insulin secretion in order to decrease hyperglycemia which is characteristic of type 2 diabetes mellitus. In order for this to occur the patient must have hyperglycemia, exenatide will bind to the GLP-1 receptor on the beta cells in the pancreas in order to stimulate glucose dependent insulin secretionan it will also increase gastric emptying, insulin will release from pancrease dependent on glucose and will decrease hyperglycemia.
730351906	The brand names are Byetta and Bydureon. Exenatide is an agonist of GLP-1 receptors located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 is activated by the peptide hormone GLP-1 to increase insulin secretion leading the decreased blood glucose levels. Exenatide stimulates GLP-1 receptors on beta cells to increase glucose-dependent insulin secretion, increase pancreatic beta cell activity, increase insulin sensitivy, decrease gastric emptying and decrease inappropriate glucagon secretion which all leads to lowering blood glucose levels.
730012793	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist. GLP-1 receptor agonist act as reversible, orthosteric, agonist of the GLP-1 receptor located on beta cells in the pancreas. Normally, GLP-1 binds to the GLP-1 receptor and activates G-alpha-s. This causes an increase in cAMP and PKA which activate the cell to increase glucose-dependent insulin secretion, increase glucagon biosynthesis, and increase the sensitivity of peripheral tissues to insulin. GLP-1 receptor agonist bind to the GLP-1 receptor and activate it the same way to increase glucose-dependent insulin secretion and increase the sensitivity of perpheral tissues to insulin to help patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
720501213	Exenatide is a agonist to the GLP-1-Receptors located on the Beta-cells of the pancrease. In normal physiology, GLP-1 endogenous lignads bind to the GLP-1-receptors, which activates the G-alpha-s coupled protien. Once, Gas is activated it further activates AC, which activates cAMP, and then cAMP activates Protien Kinase C. The overall mechanism of the activation of cAMP is that it further Sends downstream Signaling, which activates the beta call of the pancrease to make and release glucose-dependent-insulin. The therapeutic effects of exenatide is to activae the GLP-1-receptor, thus, promoting the release of glucose-dependent-insulin, and Indirectly influencing the decreased amount of circulating glucose in the circulatory system.
730339832	Exenatide is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the GLP-1 receptor located on beta cells in pancreatic islets. Under normal conditions, after a meal incretins are released from the gut into the bloodstream. Upon GLP-1 binding to its target, Gs is activated causing an increase in cAMP and PKA activity to allow for increased insulin-dependent insulin secretion. An increased production of insulin in response to elevated glucose will help the liver, muscle, and adipose tissue more readily clear glucose from systemic circulation, reducing chronic hyperglycemia that is a characteristic of T2DM
730300837	Exenatide (Byetta, Bydureon) is a reversible agonist of GLP-1 receptors on pancreatic beta cells. In normal physiology, eating and increased blood glucose promotes the release of GLP-1 from the intestines. It binds its receptor on pancreatic beta cells, which is a GPCR coupled to Gs. Upon activation, the receptor causes activation of adenylyl cyclase, increased cAMP, and activation of PKA. These processes result in release of insulin from the beta cells, thereby lowering blood glucose through increased uptake of glucose in liver and muscle cells as a result of insulin binding its receptors. By exenatide acting as an agonist at GLP-1 receptors, it mimics normal physiology and results in glucose-dependent insulin secretion and decreased blood glucose to treat hyperglycemia present in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730169512	N/A
730004785	Exenatide (Victoza/Saxenda) is a reversible orthosteric GLP-1 Receptor agonist. The target is the GLP-1 Receptor is located on pancreatic cells and when activated it increases GLUT4 expression on adipose tissue and skeletal muscle, it also promotes glycogen biosynthesis. Exenatide was developed because GLP-1 is not stable in the body so a synthetic molecule was necessary to reduce blood sugar in the way GLP-1 does. Exenatide causes activation of GLP-1 R and also increases GLUT4 expression and increases glycogen synthesis in order to combat hyperglycemia in Type II diabetic patients.
730338642	Exenatide, or Byetta is an agonist of GLP-1 receptors located on beta cells in the pancreas. Normally, GLP-1 is an incretin that acts in glucose-dependent insulin secretion. By agonizing this pathway, exenatide is used to treat T2DM to decrease blood glucose concentration.
730305018	Exenatide (Byetta, Bydureon) is a GLP-1 receptor agonist which is a GPCR bound to Gq. The receptor is normally found in pancreatic beta cells and activation leads to increased DAG, IP3, and Ca2+. GLP-1 is an incretin that enhances insulin&#39;s effect by stimulating glucose dependent insulin secretion. Exenatide binding will mimic these effects and increase insulin in the body which causes liver and muscle cells to uptake glucose from the blood and this is used to treat hyperglycemia that is associated with type 2 diabetes.
730308957	Exenatide is a GLP-1R agonist located on pancreatic beta-cells. Normally, endogenous GLP-1 binds to GLP-1R to act via Gas to increase cAMP, which activates PKA to stimulate proinsulin transcription. Exenatide mimics endogenous GLP-1 to bind to GLP-1R to increase glucose-dependent insulin secretion to promote the uptake of glucose to treat hyperglycemia and the desensitization of beta-cells that is characteristic in TII DM.
730300665	Exenatide (Byetta) is a GLP-1 mimic that acts as an agonist on beta cells in the pancreas to stimulate the glucose-dependent release of insulin from the cells. GLP-1 is an endogenous protein that acts on GLP-1 receptors on the beta cells in the pancreas in response to high levels of glucose in the blood. It causes the potassium channels in the beta cells to close, causing depolarization of the membrane which stimulates the calcium channels to open which stimulates the release of insulin from the cell. Exenatide follows this same mechanism of action by acting as a GLP-1 mimic and stimulating the release of insulin. The insulin then goes on to target insulin receptors which cause glucose to be taken up from blood and into cells thus treating hyperglycemia seen in type 2 diabetes meelitus patients.
730090428	Exenatide (Byetta) is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor in the pancreatic beta cells. In normal physiology, GLP-1 binds to the GLP-1 receptor through G-alpha-q to increase cAMP and cause a calcium influx, causing insulin to be released. Exenatide binds to the GLP-1 GPCR through G-alpha-q to increase cAMP and cause a calcium influx, causing insluin to be released. This increases glucose-dependent insulin secretion from the pancreatic beta cells, slows gastric emptying, and increases satiety.
730356527	Exenatide (Byetta) is an agonist of the glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor (GLP-1R), which is a GPCR primarily found on muscle, adipose and liver cells. In normal physiology, GLP binds to GLP-1R, which promotes glucose uptake from the blood stream, glycogen biosynthesis, and also helps feelings of satiety which lead to reduction in food intake and, therefore, weightloss. Exenatide mimics the effects of GLP and are also synthesized to have longer bioavailability than natural GLP, thereby having a better therapeutic outcome.
730013843	Exenatide is an agonist of GLP-1 receptors, a type B GPCR, located on gastric enterocytes. Normally the endogenous peptide GLP-1 stimulates GLP-1 receptors after being released from pro-glucagon upon consumption of a carbohydrate meal and resuts in the glucose-dependent secretion of insulin in order to lower blood glucose. Exenatide, acting as a GLP-1R agonist, activates GLP-1R signaling resulting in signaling through G alpha s, increased cAMP and PKA, which results in the glucose-dependent insulin secretion and resulting decrease in blood glucose in order to treat hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730094799	Exenatide is an agonist of GLP-1 receptors found on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 is secreted in response to glucose concentration in the intestines to increase the secretion of insulin from the pancreas. As an agonist, exenatide increases glucose-dependent secretion of insulin to reduce blood sugar for the treatment of diabetes.
730340514	Exenatide (Byetta) is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the GLP-1R expressed on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1, an incretin hormone released after food consumption (post-prandial), binds to and activates the GLP-1R, which signals through Gas to increase [cAMP] and activate PKA, which leads to multiple downstream events resulting in enhanced glucose dependent insulin secretion from pancreatic beta cells. As an agonist, exenatide also binds to and activates the GLP-1R to enhance glucose dependent insulin secretion and lower blood glucose levels, which is characteristically high high in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). GLP-RAs also increase the feelings of satiety and slow gastric emptying, contributing to weight loss which is beneficial in T2DM patients, though exenatide does not have a label indication for weight loss.
730004256	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor located on beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, in response to the fed state, GLP-1 is secreted and binds to the GLP-1R to activate Gs and increase cAMP. This results in glucose dependent insulin secretion to lower blood glucose levels. Exenatide acts in this same manner by binding to the GLP-1 receptor on beta cells of the pancreas to promote glucose dependent insulin secretion to lower blood glucose and treat for type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
720158983	Exenatide is an orthosteric GLP-1 receptor agonist. GLP-1 is an incretin secreted following a meal which binds to the GLP-1 receptor on pancreatic beta cells. The GLP-1 receptor is coupled to g-alpha-s, and binding of GLP-1 to the receptor causes an increase in cAMP and activation of PKA which leads to insulin release from the cell. As an agonist of GLP-1, exenatide triggers glucose-dependent release of insulin in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus to treat hyperglycemia.
730364730	Exenatide is a GLP-1R agonist that binds reversibly and orthosterically to GLP-1 receptors found on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 will bind to GLP-R and will stimulate glucose-dependent insulin secretion. As an agonist, exenatide will do the same, and by stimulating insulin secretion, it will help reduce blood glucose levels to treat hyperglycemia seen in Type 2 diabetic patients.
730304969	Exenatide is a GLP-1 Receptor agonist that binds to GLP-1 Receptors on pancreatic beta cells to stimulate insulin release. Normally, GLP-1 is released in response to high gluocse in order to bind to pancreatic beta GLP-1 R which is GPCR that activates Gas and leads to pancreatic beta cells releasing insulin. GLP-1 is occasionally cleaved, and therefore inactivated by DPP-4, causing type 2 diabetes mellitus. Exenatide mimics GLP-1 and is an agonist of the GLP-1 Receptor on the insulin cell. Exenatide binds to GLP-1R and causes the pancreatic beta cell to release insulin. Insulin then works on muscle, liver, and adipose tissue to decrease glucose in the blood. Exenatide is therefore used to treat type 2 diabetes.
730338011	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist. GLP-1R is located on beta cells of the pancreas. In normal physiology, GLP-1 binds to the GLP-1 receptor, which is a GPCR with a G-alpha s subunit, increases intracellular levels of cAMP, and promotes glucose-dependent insulin secretion. Exenatide is an agonist, so it also binds to GLP-1R, increases intracellular cAMP, and promotes insulin release in order to increase insulin receptor activity, increase GLUT4 expression and glucose uptake into cells, and decrease blood glucose levels that are elevated in patients with diabetes mellitus.
730364567	Exenatide is a GLP-1 agonist that was discovered in the saliva of the Glia monster. tI acts by binding to the GLP receptor on the surface of beta cells in the pancreas. It is used for patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and results in secretion of glucose-dependent insulin. With T2DM, the organs are increasingly desensitized to insulin and the Beta cells overwork themselves to try and compensate for the lack of glucose being taken up. Eventually, the Beta cells grow fatigued and start to lose function. Normally the GLP-1 peptides are produced in the gut and are released in response to nutrition. However when the organs are desensitized from insulin, the GLP-1 peptides do not get released appropriately and cannot induce insulin secretion. The GLP-1 agonists can bind to the GLPR and cause the Beta cell to secrete insulin when appropriate, decrease inappropriate glucagon secretion, and increase insulin sensitization.
730305085	Exenatide is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of the GLP-1 receptor located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, the GLP-1R is activated by GLP (glucagon-like peptide) which increases insulin secretion. By acting as an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor, exenatide increases insulin release, slows gastric emptying, increases glycogen synthesis in the liver, and indirectly increases GLUT4 expression on adipose and skeletal muscle cells (by increasing insulin release) for glucose uptake and phosphorylation in these cells. In this way, exenatide increases glucose uptake from the blood and into the cell for energy use and storage and decreases hyperglycemia for those with Type II DM.
730301186	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist. The target is the GLP-1 receptor on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 is activated which activates Galphas to increase cAMP, which increases calcium to depolarize the cell membrane, and this allows insulin vesicles to bind to the membrane and exocytose insulin resulting in glucose dependent insulin secretion. Exenatide promotes glucose dependent insulin secretion which in turn to prevents unnecessary glucagon secretion, increases insulin receptor sensitivity to insulin, and upregulates insulin receptors to treat type II diabetes mellitus.
730345314	Exenatide also known as Byetta, Bydureon is a GLP-1 Receptor agonist. The GLP-1 Receptors are found in the beta cells of the pancreas and are a G-alpha-s couple protein receptor. Normally, glucagon like peptide binds to the GLP-1 receptor in order to stimulate the glucose dependent insulin release to lower blood glucose levels. The glucagon like peptide is released when food is detected. Exenatide much like the glucagon like peptide binds to the GLP-1 receptor in order to induce the glucose dependent insulin release and therefore treating the main characteristic of type 2 diabetes which is hyperglycemia. Exenatide is modified to prevent degradation by DPP-4 and therefore achieve the therapeutic effect.
730306008	Exenatide is an agonist of GLP-1 receptors (GLP-1R). GLP-1 receptors are located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 binds to GLP-1R and activate Gas. This increases the concentration of cAMP, activating PKA, and signal increase insulin release. As an agonist, Exenatide increase insulin production to decrease blood glucose level associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730170040	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist that works in the pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 binds to the GLP-1 receptor to activate Gs, thus releasing cAMP, AC, and PKA. This further leads to the upregulation of GLUT-2 transporters on the liver and GLUT-4 transporters on the muscle and adipose tissue, thus increasing glycogen biosynthesis and has increased insulin secretion. Exenatide works to activate the GLP-1 receptor to treat diabetes by decreasing glucose concentrations.
730335117	Exenatide is an agonist of GLP-1 receptor in beta cell. Normally GLP-1 binds to it and activates via Gas to promote glucose-dependent insulin secretion. As an agonist, exenatide increases insulin secretion to treat T2DM. Is also slows gastric empty, increase satiety indirectly promotes GLUT expression.
730075914	Exenatide is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the GLP-1 receptor which is found on pancreatic beta cells. GLP-1 receptor is normally stimulated by GLP-1 (glucagon-like peptide) and is a GPCR that signals through G-alpha(q) leading to glucose-dependent insulin secretion. This is an important target to treat T2DM because patients with this disease have high blood glucose levels. Being an agonist of the GLP-1R, exenatide helps to increase insulin secretion which facilitates the uptake of glucose from the blood to help lower blood glucose levels.
730300294	Exenatide, or Byetta, is a reversible, orthosteroicGLP-1 Agonist that acts on endothelial cells of the liver and kidney to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus. Normally, GLP-1 is released in the GI tract in response to feeding, and activates glucose-dependent insulin release to increase glucose uptake from the blood and increase sensitization in peripheral tissues. By activating the GLP-1 GPCR, exenatide is able to increase the glucose uptake and sensitzation of tissues to insulin in patients who have type 2 diabetes to decrease high blood glucose levels.
730296888	Exenatide is an agonist of GLP-1 receptors located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, incretins like GLP-1 bind and acitvate GLP-1 receptors to induce glucose-dependent insulin secretion to lower blood glucose levels. As an agonist of GLP-1Rs, exenatide increases glucose-dependent insulin secretion to indirectly decrease hyperglycemia associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730222792	Exenatide is a GLP-1 Receptor Agonist that acts as the endongenous incretin GLP-1 to activate GLP-1 receptors found on liver cells. Normally the GLP-1 Receptor, which is a G alpha s protein receptor, is activated by GLP-1, which increase cAMP which stimulate the release of insulin in a glucose dependent manner. When exenatide binds to the GLP-1 receptor it stimulates the glucose dependent relaese of insulin which inturns causes the decrease of blood glucose levels, via insulin upregulating Glut4 transportors and glucose phosphorolation which ultimately helps treat paitients with Type 2 diabetes.
730014819	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist. GLP-1R is a GPCR coupled to a G-alpa s located on beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, GLP-1R is activated by GLP-1 to increase cAMP and activate PKA to stimulate glucose-dependent insulin secretion. By activating GLP-1R, exenatide stimulates glucose-dependent insulin secretion to indirectly upregulate glucose transporters and glycogen biosynthesis enzymes to lower blood glucose in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730000406	Exenatide is a GLP-1R agonist that is normally located on the cells of the liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue. Normally, glucose binds to GLP-1R to increase glucagon synthesis via proglucagon. An increase in glucagon synthesis leads to increased storage of glucose, which helps to combat the hyperglycemia associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus. As a agonist, exenatide mimics this action to increase glucose storage and decrease the hyperglycemia associated with type 2 diabetes mellisus.
730336626	Exenatide, brand name Byetta and Bydureon, is an agonist of the GLP-1 Receptor. The GLP-1 Receptor is found on the cell membrane of Pancreatic B-Cells, and stimualtes the opening of the GLUT-2 transporter to allow glucose influx into the cell, through GPCR GaS signalling. In normal physiology, GLP-1 binds to the GLP-1 Receptor and stimulates the GaS subunit leading to increased intracellular AC, leading to increased cAMP, which leads to increased intracellular calcium. Increased intracellular calcium stimulates insulin release from storage granules into the bloodstream. Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor, which prolongs GLP-1&#39;s activation and stimulation of the GLP-1 receptor, protecting from DPP-4 inactivation, and directly stimulates increased glucose-dependent insulin secretion by the B-cell. In Type 2 Diabetes (T2DM) there is inadequate insulin secretion to attenuate glucose levels in the bloodstream, leading to hyperglycemia. use of a GLP-1 Receptor agonist allows for increased insulin secretion from the pancreatic beta cells, which leads to lowering of blood glucose.
730163464	Exenatide (BN: Byetta, Bydureon) is a orthosteric, competitive agonist of GLP-1 receptors (a GPCR) found in beta cells of the pancreas. In normal physiology, the endogenous ligand of GLP-1R is GLP-1, which when it binds, activates the Gas pathway to stimulate glucose dependent insulin secretion. Exenatide works by mimicking the endogenous ligand action to treat hyperglycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730309616	Exenatide is a reversible, competitive SGLT-1 receptor agonist. SGLT-1 receptors are found on beta cells in the liver. Normally, SGLT-1 receptors bind SGLT-1 to inhibt the release of glucagon, slow gastric emptying, and increase uptake of glucose in the liver, adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle. When exenatide binds, the same events occur because it is an agonist of the SGLT-1 receptor. Increasing absorption of glucose in the liver, adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle lowers plasma glucose levels to help control type 2 diabetes mellitus, which is characterized by increased plasma glucose levels.
730004713	Exenatide (Byetta or Bydureon) is a competitive and reversible agonist of the GLP-1 receptor on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1R is bound by GLP-1 to cause glucose-dependent insulin secretion, but GLP-1 is highly susceptible to degradation by the enzyme DPP-4. Exenatide is a GLP-1 analog that is obtained from the glia monster, and so exenatide is not recognized by DPP-4, allowing it to avoid degradation by DPP-4 and bind to GLP-1R to cause glucose-dependent insulin secretion, which decreases blood glucose levels to treat type 2 diatebetes mellitus.
730324249	Exenatide (Byetta) is a Glucagon Like Peptide-1 (GLP-1) Receptor agonist that targets GLP-1 receptors on beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, this GLP-1 Receptor is activated by glucagon like peptide one. GLP1 receptors are GPCRs that signals through G alpha s, upon activation there is an increase in cyclic AMP which leads to glucose dependent insulin secretion of beta cells of the pancreas. As a GLP1 Receptor agonist, exenatide mimics the action of GLP1 to stimulate the glucose dependent insulin secretion of beta cells of the pancreas to lower blood glucose and treat hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes.
730305081	Exenatide is a GLP-1 Receptor agonist located in pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1R is activated by GLP-1 in order to coordinate glucose dependent insulin secretion. As an agonist of the receptor, exenatide acts the same way as GLP-1 at the GLP-1R, and glucose-dependent insulin secretion occurs. As a result, exenatide helps with glycemic control by reducing the hyperglycemia characteristic of T2DM.
730338500	Exenatide is a reversibe orthosteric GLP-1 Receptor agonist located in the beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, GLP-1R is a GPCR bound by endogenous GLP-1 which leads to the activation of the Gas subunit which activates adenyl cyclase and cAMP in order to upregulate the transcription of proinsulin. Increase in proinsulin leads to the upregulated production of insulin from the beta cells of the pancreas. Exenatide acts as the GLP-1 and results in the increased expression of insulin to digest glucose and treat or prevent hyperglycemia or excess glucose in the blood.
730013201	Exenatide is an reversible, non-competitive agonist of GLP-1 receptors, which are located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 binds to GLP-1Rs and activates Gas, which increases cAMP and intracellular [Ca2+] that leads to the release of stored insulin. Insulin is a hormone that increases glucose uptake and decreases gluconeogenesis mainly in liver cells. As an agonist of GLP-1R, exenatide decreases hyperglycemia, which is characteristic of type 2 diabetes.
720517743	Exenatide is an orthosteric DPP-4 enzyme inhibitor. DPP-4 is an enzyme that resides in the pancreas and breaks down GLP-1; by breaking down GLP-1, DPP-4 prevents the activation on pancreatic Beta cells needed to aid in the release of insulin. Exenatide blocks the action of DPP-4 so GLP-1 can bind to its receptors on Beta cells and stimulate the release of insulin.
730341519	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist. The GLP-1 receptor is found on the membrane of pancreatic beta cells and is normally activated by the incretin GLP-1. Activation of GLP-1R stimulates the release insulin from the beta cell. The GLP-1 agonist provides glucose dependent insulin release which leads to the increased uptake of glucose by muscle, liver and fat cells and decreases hyperglycemia which is characteristic of T2DM.
730349484	Exenatide is a GLP-1 agonist found on the beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, glucose or GLP1 would stimualte receptors on the beta cells, leading to an influx of calcium in to the cell, and stimulating a release of insulin. Exenatide binds to the GLP1 receptor and stimulates the influx of calcium and release of insulin. By stimulating this release of insulin, blood glucose is decreased and hyperglycemia/type 2 diabetes can be managed.
730300545	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist. The drug target and location is the beta cells in the pancreas. Normally, GLP-1 receptors play a role in insulin secretion in response to glucose levels in the blood. When a patient has Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, the patient&#39;s body is unable to control glucose levels in the blood, leading to hyperglycemia. It works by binding to GPCR, which activates GalphaS. This causes an activation and increase of adenyl cyclase and and cAMP. This then causes an increase in proinsulin and is used to help decrease hyperglycemia in the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
730304972	The API of exenatide is Byetta. Exenatide is a GLP-1R agonist. GLP1-R are found beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, GLP1R activation causes glucose-dependent insulin secretion to treat the hyperglycemia that is symptomatic of type 2 diabetes. This receptor is coupled to G alpha s that causes increased cAMP levels and increases levels of Ca2+ to cause depolarization of the cell and increased insulin release (from vesicles). Exenatide causes further activation of the receptor to produce glucose-dependent insulin secretion while avoiding degradation by DPP-4 (synthetic molecule that does not have binding site). Exenatide binding would cause further increases in cAMP levels and Ca2+ levels to increase cell depolarization thus increasing insulin secretion. This causes an increase in insulin secretion to decrease glucose levels (hyperglycemia) in the blood to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730304973	Exenatide is a GLP-1R reversible, orthosteric, agonist. The target is the GLP-1R and it&#39;s location is in the pancreatic cells. In normal physiology GLP-1 is used to decrease the hyperglycemic effect by increasing glucose uptake and turning it into glycogen. As a GLP-1R agonist, it decreases the hyperglycemic effect in the same way as the GLP-1 is used in the normal physiology.
730012843	Exenatide is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the GLP-1 receptor in the pancreas. Normally, GLP-1 receptor is activated by incretins to increase the body&#39;s sensitivity to insulin. In type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), pancreatic beta cells make insulin, but the body is desensitized to insulin. Therefore, exenatide mimics the incretin hormones to increase insulin sensitivity in order to break down glucose in individuals with T2DM.
730324303	1) exenatide acts as an agonist of GLP 1 receptors. 2) GLP 1 receptors are located in pancreatic beta cells. 3) In normal physiology, GLP 1 receptors are bound and activated bind GLP 1 when there is an increase in blood glucose. The activation of GLP 1 receptors signals for a release of insulin from pancreatic beta cells which then binds to insulin receptors on muscle cells and allows for glucose uptake. 4) Since exenatide acts an a agonist of GLP 1 receptors, it will exerts the same effects as endogenous GLP 1 which eventually leads to increased insulin release from pancreatic beta cells and glucose uptake by muscle cells.
720451649	Exenatide is a selective, competitive agonist of GLP-1 Receptor found on the surface of pancreatic beta-cells. Normally, GLP-1 binds to the receptor via G-alpha-s to stimulate processes such as glycogen biosynthesis and gluclose phosphorlyation and expression in GLUT transporter density. Exenatide will also have the same effects when it binds to GLP-1 receptor to help with the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730304974	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1R, located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 binds to the GLP-1R, which triggers Galpha(s) signaling cascade, including an increase in AC, cAMP, PKA, MLCK, and so on. Potassium channels close, and calcium channels open, ultimately leading to insulin release. Exenatide mimics GLP-1 and triggers insulin release which is deficient in patients with T2DM.
730020056	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor found on beta cells of the pancrease. In normal physiology, GLP-1R is a GPCR coupled to G-alpha-s that, when activated by GLP-1, causes an increase of cAMP and activation of PKA which eventually leads to increased pro-insulin transcription. As an agonist of GLP-1R, exenatide activates the GPCR to cause increased release of insulin in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
720541446	Exenatide is a GLP-1R agonist used in patients indicated with type 2 DM. GLP-1R is found within muscle cells, adipose tissue, and the liver. GLP-1R activity is insulinotropic; it promotes the uptake and usage of glucose within the body in order to decrease blood sugar levels. Therefore, it promotes increased GLUT4 expression to increase glucose uptake in muscle cells and adipose tissue, as well as, glycogen synthase to stimulate glucose storage within the liver. GLP-1R activity also activaates enzymes that phosphorylate glucose to G6P for its use in glycolyis. Ultimately, exenatide helps patients who experiencing less sensitivity to insulin in type 2 DM by inducing the same effect as insulin.
730014494	Exenatide is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP1) receptor located on pancreatic beta cells. In normal physiology, the endogenous incretin GLP1 increases in the blood following a meal. This GLP1 will bind to the G-alpha-S coupled GLP1 receptor in the pancreatic beta cells to signal through the secondary messenger cAMP to stimulate insulin release from the pancreas. Exenatide binds to the GLP1 receptor to stimulate insulin release. This allows more insulin to be released, which can decrease the hyperglycemia that is characteristic of type II diabetes mellitus.
730305979	Exenatide is a GLP-1R agonist. Normally, GLP-1 receptors are responsible for glucose-dependent insulin secretion. GLP-1R signal through G-alpha-S to increase concentrations of cAMP, which activates PKA. This then results in insulin secretion, which leads to the uptake of glucose. This lowers blood glucose levels. The receptors are normally inactivated by DPP-4, but exenatide is formulated to be unrecognizable by DPP-4, making it an effective treatment for T2DM.
720401318	1. agonist 2. GLP1 receptors on the pancreas 3. When GLP1 is activate, glucose dependent secrection occurs 4. Acts as an agonist to stimulate glucose dependent secretion to lower hyperglycemia, a factor for T2DM, and acts a weight loss.
730344044	Exenatide is a orthosteric, reversible agonist of GLP-1 receptors located on pancreatic beta cells. Usually, GLP-1 receptors are bound by glucagon-like peptide in the fed state, which causes an activation of the G-alpha-q subunit, which increases IP3/DAG levels, which increases calcium permeability and causes release of insulin from the pancreatic cell. Exenatide acts as an agonist of GLP-1 receptors to help treat the insufficient insulin secretion that is characteristic of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730342829	Exenatide is a reversibe agonist of the GLP-1 receptors located on SMCs of the pancreas. In normal physiology, the binding of glucose to the receptor activates Galpha s to increase the levels of cAMP, activate PKA, induce Ca++ release from the sarcoplasmic reticulum, and cause glucose dependent insulin secretion. Exenatide promotes the activation of the GLP-1 receptor, thus stimulating the insulin release in order to increase the storage of excess glucose as glycogen and alleviate the excess in circulation associated with T2DM.
730361796	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor located on the pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 peptide is the endogenous agonist of GLP-1R that activates G-alpha-s to increase cAMP concentration, leading to K+ channel closure, allowing Ca2+ to enter the cells and stimulate glucose-dependent insulin release; indirectly increase glucose transporters on the liver and glycogen biosynthesis. By acting as an agonist of the GLP-1R, exenatide enhances GLP-1R effects in releasing glucose-dependent insulin, increase glucose uptake and increase insulin sensitivity of peripheral tissues in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730009316	Exenatide or Byetta/Bydureon is classified as a GLP-1 Agonist. GLP-1 is a GPCR which promotes insulin dependent glucose metabolism by promoting the synthesis of insulin and insulin receptors on the beta cells of the pancreas where the GPCR is located. It promotes glucagon synthesis in the liver and glucose uptake in the muscle and adipose tissue. It does this by promoting GLUT4 which participates in the uptake of glucose from adipose and muscle tissue. Because the glucose is removed from the blood stream, the blood sugar levels are able to return to normal and effectly treat type II diabetes mellitus, a disease state in which the body&#39;s responsiveness to insulin is hindered.
730347896	Exenatide is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the GLP1-R seen on pancreatic beta cells, which is normally activated with GLP1, and is used to treat Type 2 DM. Pancreatic beta cells are the cells that produce insulin when the body is in need of it. When the receptor is activated, it increases the levels of incretin in the body leading to increased target cell sensitivity to insulin.
720461998	Exenatide is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of GLP1R on pancreatic beta cells. Usually, GLP1 binds to these receptors to increase cAMP, glucose-independent insulin secretion, and expression of GLUT4 glucose transporters. By agonizing these effects, exenatide is useful in combatting hyperglycemia associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730078207	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1R [glucose like peptide receptor 1] which is a GPCR located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1R is activated by GLP-1 and signals via GalphaS [leading to a decrease in cGMP concentration] to produce a glucose-dependent release of insulin from the pancreatic beta cells. As an agonist, exenatide increases the activity at the GLP-1R such as increasing glucose-dependent insulin secretion for the management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
730006868	Exenatide, a competitive GLP-1 Receptor Agonist has the brand name Byetta. Normally, GLP-1 increases incretin levels after being released in the stomach, and goes to the pancreas where it increases glucose-dependent insulin secretion. It is typically found in the pancreas. By enhancing insulin secretion, glucose can be taken up from the blood into tissue to be stored, reducing hyperglycemic effects. Exenatide acts as an agonist at this receptor, ultimiately increases glucose uptake in the tissues (muscles, adipose, liver), by increasing incretin levels through activating this peptide.
730363572	N/A
730364568	Exenatide is mimetic of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and as such is an agonist of The GLP-1 receptor, which On pancreatic beta cells. Normally, signalling through this receptor causes an increase in glucose-dependent insulin secretion leading to the downstream effects on Insulin target tissues including increased glycogen biosynthesis in the liver And glucose phosphorylation in adipose tissue and skeletal muscle Leading to an overall decrease in blood glucose. Exenatide is used to accomplish this same thing and lower blood glucose in patients with Type II Diabetes.
730363249	Exenatide is a orthosteric agonist of GLP-1R. GLP-1R is a g-alpha-s GPCR located on the beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, GLP-1 binds to GLP-1R and induces an increase in intracellular cAMP, leading to the cascade of glucose dependent insulin secretion from the beta cells. Normally, DPP-4 breaks down GLP-1, quickly reducing its effects. Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1R, which means that it mimics the normal effects by GLP-1 to induce glucose dependent insulin secretion. Exenatide, though, resists the breakdown by DPP-4, allowing it to remain on the GLP-1R longer and induce more glucose dependent insulin secretion. This increased insulin secretion is what is used to treat hyperglycemia present with D2M.
730338781	Exenatide is an agonist. The target is GLP-1 Receptors located on beta cells in the pancreas. In normal physiology, activation of GLP-1R by endogenous ligands results in the production and secretion of insulin from the pancreas through a signalling cascade since it is a GPCR. Exenatide is a synthetic form of the endogenous GLP-1R agonist that upon binding signals for the release of insulin in order to increase low levels of insulin in the blood that are characteristic of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730341595	1. Exenatide is an agonist of 2. GLP-1 receptors located on liver, pancreatic beta cells.3. Normally, GLP-1 acts as a GPCR on GLP-1 receptors to increase glucose uptake in skeletal muscles and glycogen biosynthesis in the liver. IT acts via glucose dependent insulin secretion. 4. Exenatide acts on the GLP-1 receptors as agonist and reduces the blood glucose levels by increasing glycogen synthesis and increasing glucose uptake in the skeletal muscles and adipose tissue. Through this, it reduces hyperglycemia that is seen in type 2 diabetes mellitus. It also plays a role in weight loss management.
730015219	Exenatide is a reversible and orthosteric agonist of the GLP-1 receptor. Normally, GLP-1 binds to the GLP-1 receptor on the beta pancreatic cells, it increases the release of insulin which in turn assists in glucose uptake in the blood. When exenatide is administered, more insulin is released which helps treat hyperglycemia.
730305268	Exenatide is a orthosteric agonist of the GLP-1 receptor located on the surface of pancreatic cells. GLP-1R is normally bound by the ligand GLP-1. When GLP-1 is bound the G alpha q subunit which binds to PLC catalyzing the formation of IP3 and DAG which increases the permiablity of the Sarcoplasmic reticulum releaseing calcium ions in the membrane. The release of calcium ions enhances the pacreatic beta cells ability to release, increasing the amount in the blood stream. Exenatide acts as a ligand to GLP-1R and increasing the intracellular calcium levels increasing the amount of insulin produced. Its has a slightly different amina acid sequence than GLP-1 allowing it to have a longer half life.
730305181	Exenatide (Byetta) is a GLP-1 recepor agonist expressed on the beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, GLP-1 receptor activates glucose dependent insulin secretion. By activating GLP-1 R, exenatide help release insuline to break down glucose and is used to treat patients with T2DM. GLP-1 receptor can be deactivated by DPP-4
730300937	Exenatide ( Byetta) is a Glucagon Like Peptide- 1 receptor agonist. It is a reverible orthosteric agonist that acts through g alpha s to increase c AMP. It acts on pancreatic beta cells. In normal physiology GLP-1 binds to the GLP-1R which signals through g alpha s to increase cAMP, leading to glucose dependent insulin secretion. By agonizing this receptor GLP-1 R&#39;s increase glucose dependent insulin secretion while also decreasing inapropriate glucagon secretion. This is how it is used to treat type II diabetes.
730257887	Exenatide is a GLP-1 agonist that binds to GLP-1 receptors expressed on pancreatic beta cells that regulate the release of insulin. GLP-1 is an endogenous incretin that normally aids in mediating insulin release in the presence of glucose and is subjected to breakdown by DPP4. In type 2 diabetic patients, insulin insensitivity occurs so that glucose is not properly taken up by muscle, liver, and adipose cells which leads to hyperglycemia and subsequent problems. Exenatide is a synthetic GLP-1 agonist that avoids rapid breakdown due to its structure, giving it a longer half-life than the endogenous agonist of its receptor which allows it to effectively induce glucose-dependent insulin release from pancreatic beta cells and decrease the characteristic hyperglycemia seen in type 2 diabetes.
730364945	Exenatide is a an agonist of the GLP-1 receptors found in the beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, GLP-1 receptors are activated by the peptide GLP-1 to stimulate glucose-dependent insulin release from the beta cells. As an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor, exenatide acts by binding the GLP-1 receptor and activating it to stimulate glucose dependant insulin release, therefore lowering blood glucose, and treating hyperglycemia seen in patients with type 2 diabtes mellitus.
730301189	Exenatide is a GLP-1 Receptor agonist. Its target is on the GLP-1 Receptors beta on pancreas. It increases glucotransporters on the pancreas, therefore increasing its sensitivity to insulin. In normal physiology, glucose binds the glucose transporters, and it increases insulin secretion. In patients with T2DM, the insulin&#39;s sensitivity to glucose has been decreased. Increasing glucose transporters (GLUT4) will help increase insulin&#39;s sensitivity.
730364732	Exenatide, or Byetta, is a GLP-1 receptor agonist. In normal physiology, endogenous GLP-1 binds to GLP-1R on the beta cells of the pancreas. GLP-1R is a GPCR, and when bound by GLP-1, G alpha S is activated leading to an increase in cAMP and the release of insulin from the beta cells of the pancreas. As an agonist of the GLP-1R, binding of exenatide to these receptors results in the above mechanism and release of insulin. This release of insulin is useful in treating Type 2 diabetes to stimulate the intake of glucose from the blood into the muscle, adipose, and liver tissue and thus decrease blood glucose concentrations.
730302084	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP1R found on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, the GLP1R binds GLP in order to stimulate the release of glucose dependent insulin. Exenatide binds to the GLP1R and stimulates the release of insulin in order to treat type 2 diabetes.
730012427	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor localized primarily on beta cells in the pancreas. Normally, GLP-1 activates the GLP-1 receptor, activating G alpha s to increase [cAMP], leading to insulin secretion. Exenatide also activates the GLP-1 receptor, causing glucose-dependent insulin secretion to reduce the hyperglycemia characteristic of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730008469	Exenatide is a competitive, reversible GLP1R Agonist. GLP1R is expressed on the surface of pancreatic beta cells and is a GPCR. Normally, it is stimulated by GLP1 to activate G-alpha-s, increase intracellular cAMP, activate PKA, which promotes glucose-dependent insulin secretion. Exenatide is used to stimulate these receptors in order to enhance insulin secretion in the fed state which then promotes glucose uptake to lower hyperglycemia seen in T2DM.
730308977	Exenatide is an agonist of GLP-1 receptors located on pancreatic beta cells. Endogenous GLP-1 peptides are secreted by ECL cells when food is ingested and glucose is available. Normally, GLP-1 binds to GLP-1 receptors, which are GPCRs that function through G-alpha-s mechanisms to increase cAMP and PKA in order to increase proinsulin production and promote glucose dependent insulin secretion. Exenatide is an exogenous peptide that mimics the actions and mechanisms of GLP-1 described above to promote glucose dependent insulin secretion. This allows more insulin to be available when glucose is present to increase insulin sensitivity in adipose and skeletal muscle tissue, to promote glucose uptake into cells, and to help lower blood glucose levels associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730304975	Exenatide (Byetta) is a GLP-1 agonist used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. In normal physiology, GLP-1 (an incretin hormone) is produced in the gut and stimulates the feeling of satiety when glucose levels are high, especially after having a meal. GLP-1 receptors are located on pancreatic beta cells; these receptors are stimulated by GLP-1 when glucose levels are increased and result in the release of insulin from the pancreas. Exenatide stimulates the same receptors to produce the same effect. Exenatide is used in patients who are capable of producing low levels of insulin.
730177416	Exenatide is an orthosteric reversible GLP-1 receptor agonist. The GLP-1 receptor is located on pancreatic beta cells that secrete insulin, a protein that binds to insulin receptors throughout the body and reduces blood glucose by initiating glycogen synthesis and storage. In a healthy person, The GLP-1 receptor is stimulated by GLP-1 in response to glucose ingestion and leads to Gas signalling that causes an increase in intracellular cAMP and release of insulin into the bloodstream. In patients with type 2 diabetes the peripheral cells, such as adipose and muscle, have become less sensitive to insulin. Exenatide acts as a GLP-1 agonist and enhances the glucose dependent signalling to allow patients with type 2 diabetes to produce enough insulin to allow for glucose uptake in the peripheral cells.
730309632	Exenatide (brand name Byetta) is indicated for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes and weight management in conjuction with exercise and a controlled diet. This drug is an orthosteric GLP-1 receptor agonist. GLP-1 receptors are located on the beta cells of the pancreas. In normal physiology, GLP-1 will bind to the GLP-1 receptor, which is a GPCR that signals through G-alpha-s to increase the intracellular concentrations of cAMP in the cell. This increase in cAMP within the cell leads to the closing of potassium channels and opening of calcium channels, reducing potassium efflux and increasing calcium influx, respectively. This leads to cellular depolarization and the release of insulin granules through the fusion of insulin stores with the cell membrane. By acting as an agonist at this receptor, exenatide is able to mimic endogenous GLP-1 to stimulate insulin release from the cell, thus allowing for the breakdown of excess glucose that is characteristic of Type 2 diabetes.
730163687	Exenatide is a GLP-1R agonist of the GLP-1 receptor located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 binds to the GLP-1R to induce glucose-dependent insulin secretion and promote the storage of glucose. As a GLP-1R agonist, exenatide reduces hyperglycemia indicated in Type 2 DM and leads to insulin secretion.
730227103	Exenatide is a orthostearic, reversible, GLP-1 agonist. Its target is the GLP-1 receptors located on the beta cells of the pancreas. In normal physiology endogenous GLP-1 is released from the small intestine in response to consuming food. Endogenous GLP-1 then travels to the beta cells of the pancreas, binds to the GLP-1 receptor to induce glucose dependent insulin secretion. Since exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor it also induces glucose dependent insulin secretion to treat hyperglycemia associated with type 2 diabetes. Endogenous GLP-1 is normally broken down by DPP-4 in the body to stop this signaling, so exenatide is used because it is derived from gila monster so it is not as readily broken down by DPP-4 so it can have a longer pharmacodynamic effect to combat hyperglycemia than endogenous GLP-1 would.
730308980	Exenatide, brand name Byetta/Bydureon, is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor on pancreatic beta cells. GLP-1 is a GPCR that signals through G-alpha-s to increase cAMP and cause glucose-dependent insulin secretion. By agonizing this receptor, exenatide activates the GLP-1 receptor to signal through G-alpha-s and causes glucose-dependent insulin secretion. It is used to treat Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730084405	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor reversible, orthosteric agonist that binds to GLP-1R located on or near pancreatic beta cells or the small intestine. Normally, GLP binds to GLP-1R and signals through G alpha s to activate adenyl cyclase and increase cAMP. Exenatide binds as an agonist and increases this signalling to increase glucose dependent insulin secretion, decrease glycogen release from the liver, and increase B cell activity. By enhancing glucose-dependent insulin seccretion, we are increasing glucose reuptake indirectly, therefore decreasing the hyperglycemic effect that is a hallmark of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
730042911	Exenatide is a GLP-1 Receptor Agonist. It is a glucagon-like peptide that binds to the receptors found on beta cells in the pancreas. In normal physiology, when GLP-1 binds to the receptor it stimulates the beta cells to release insulin. As a result of the insulin release, the cells (Liver, muscle cells, etc) start absorbing glucose when the insulin binds to the insulin receptors found there. As a GLP-1 receptor agonist, exenatide activate the GLP receptor and stimulates insulin release which will result in absorption of glucose. As a result, decreasing the blood glucose levels that are characteristic of diabetes.
730301145	Exenatide is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the glucagon like peptide-1 receptor (GLP-1 receptor) located on beta cells of the pancreas. Normally, glucagon like peptide binds the GLP-1 receptor to cause a release of insulin that increases GLUT-4 transporter expression on adipose tissue and skeletal muscle as well as GLUT-2 transporter expression on liver tissue that take up glucose from the blood. When exenatide binds the GLP-1 receptor, it leads to glucose-dependent insulin secretion help take up glucose from the blood and decrease hyperglycemia seen in type 2 DM patients.
730043583	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor on the pancreatic beta cells. Normally, the GLP-1 receptor is activated by GLP-1 and this causes an increase in cAMP, which results in an increase in PKA inside the cell. The increase in PKA causes the closure of K channels in the cell and subsequent increase in intracellular calcium. This causes the vesicles of insulin inside the beta cells to fuse with the membrane and insulin is released. The increase in insulin thereby causes a decrease in blood glucose levels and hyperglycemia that is seen with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor so it causes an increase in the activity described abouve that normally occurs at the receptor. This activity is glucose-dependedent, meaning that the release of insulin with only occur if glucose is present.
730305983	Exenatide is an agonist... ...of the GLP-1 receptors located on pancreatic beta cells. In normal physiology, GLP-1, secreted after eating, binds the GLP-1 receptor, causing Gs activation, increased intracellular Ca levels, leading to the release of insulin. Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor on pancreatic beta cells, stimulating the Gs activation and release of insulin contributing to glucose-dependent insulin release used to treat hyperglycemia seen in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
720141645	Exenatide is a orthosteric agonist of the GLP1R located on beta cells of the pancreas. Normally GLP1 binds to the GLP1R and stimulates glucose dependent insulin secretion. This in turn stimulates GLUT4 transporter density of cell surfaces of adipose &amp; skeletal muscle tissue, increased phorphorylation of glucose in adipose, skeletal, &amp; liver tissue, and glycogen biosynthesis in liver cells. Exenatide as an agonist, preforms the same above actions as GLP1, thus decreasing the hyperglycemia associated with T2DM.
730011977	Exenatide (Bydureon) is a competitive, reversible GLP-1R agonist. Normally, this drug&#39;s target binds to the endogenous GLP-1 peptide to increase glucose-dependent insulin release from pancreatic beta cells into the bloodstream. Exenatide has been modified, however, so that it can be taken orally and not be inactivated by the body&#39;s metabolism like the endogenous peptide would. By binding to the GLP-1R, exenatide leads to an increase of glucose-dependent insulin secreation to help treat the hyperglycemia that occurs in DM patients.
730362445	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 Receptor located in the pancreatic beta cells in the body. Under normal physiologic conditions, upon feeding, GLP-1 is released and activates the GLP-1 receptor. This is a GPCR that signals through GalphaS leading to an increase in cAMP and activation of PKA, causing the release of insulin from the pancreatic beta cells. As an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor, exenatide is also going to activate the receptor, increasing glucose-dependent insulin secretion and improving glycemic control of the patient. This will cause a reduction of the high blood glucose commonly seen in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730305984	Byetta (exenatide) is an agonist of the GLP-1 Receptor, a GPCR functioning through Gas found on pancreatic beta cells. In normal physiology, endogenous GLP-1 binds to and activates the GPCR and thus the Gas subunit. In doing so, adenylyl cyclase activity increases and cAMP levels increase accordingly. This causes an increase in PKA activation and ultimately glucose-dependent insulin release from the beta-cell. The therapeutic utility of Byetta lies in that it binds to and activates the GLP-1R to promote the normal physiology detailed above. By doing so, insulin release is increased from beta cells and increased insulin receptor activation leads to increased uptake of glucose from the blood, combatting the hyperglycemia seen in T2DM. It should be noted that, exogenous GLP-1R agonists are modified to evade the DPP-4 enzyme and prolong their circulation time.
730305023	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist that is located on pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 is coupled to GPCR receptor of G-alpha-s, thus increase cAMP level, and stimulate more insulin production. As a GLP-1 receptor agonist, exenatide further activates insulin release. It increases the glucose transporters on the cell surface of skeletal muscle and adipose tissue, and increases glycogen biosynthesis. So, exenatide will promote insulin production, glucose uptake, and glycogen biosynthesis, thereby decreasing blood glucose level to alleviate symptoms of hyperglycemia. Therefore, exenatide can be used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730335119	Exenatide is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the GLP-1 receptor in the pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP-1 acts as an incretin and binds GLP-1R to stimulate glucose-dependent insulin release. GLP-1R is a Gs-coupled GPCR, and when activated by GLP-1, it increases the concentration of cAMP and activates PKA, which leads to increased concentration in intracellular Ca that induces the release of insulin vesicles from the beta pancreatic cells. Released insulin then acts on the insulin receptors in the skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, and liver and stimulates glucose uptake, glucose phosphorylation, and glucose synthesis for storage. As a GLP-1R agonist, exenatide also acts to stimulate glucose-dependent insulin release to increase glucose uptake in the liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose cells and decrease glucagon release to reduce hyperglycemia that contributes to type 2 diabetes mellitus. Exenatide also slows gastric emptying to help with weight managment in patients with type 2 diabetes.
720520297	Exenatide is an agonist of the GLP-1 receptor located in the pancreatic beta cells. Normally, GLP binds to GLP-1 receptor and activates glucose dependent insulin secretion. As an agonist, exenatide binds to the GLP-1 receptor and activates glucose dependent insulin secretion which lowers blood glucose and is used to treat hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetic patients.
730119872	Exenatide is a reversible agonist at the GLP-1 receptor which is located on liver cells (as well as skeletal muscle cells and adipose cells). Normally, endogenous GLP-1 released by enteroendocrine cells binds to the receptor and stimulates glucose-dependent insulin secretion and increases insulin sensitivity at these target organs, allowing for greater uptake of glucose from the circulation. Exenatide acts similarly to decrease high blood glucose levels in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
730305285	Exenatide is a GLP-1 receptor agonist in pancreatic beta cells. Normally, activation of GLP-1 increases glucose dependent insulin secretion, decreases innapropriate glucagon secretion, and upregulates glucose reuptake. By activating GLP-1, exenatide overall increases insulin and decreases glucose and aids in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
720507989	Exenatide is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of the GLP-1 receptor. The GLP-1 receptor is located in the beta cells of the pancreas and is normally activated by GLP. Upon activation, the GPCR is coupled to Gas to induce an increase in cAMP which increases the secretion of insulin in the beta cells of the pancreas. Insulin causes glucose to be reuptaken by the skeletal, liver, and muscle tissue to decrease blood glucose levels. By acting as an agonist of the GLP-1R, exenatide acts like GLP to increase glucose-dependent insulin secretion leading to a decrease in blood sugar for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
730308983	Exenatide (Byetta, Bydureon) is a GLP-1 Agonist to the GLP-1 receptor found in pancreatic cells. Normally, GLP-1 binds to the receptor, indirectly increasing glucose transporters and decreasing storage of glucose. GLP-1 Agonists bind to the GLP-1, working to treat hyperglycemia that is seen in Diabetes Mellitus Type II.
