730336623	Memantine is an orthosteric reversible antagonist of NMDA receptors. These NMDA receptors are located on neurons in the CNS and vagal nerves. Normally when NMDA is bound, glutamate, an excitatory neurotransmitter, is released and excites neurons which leads to neuronal death. The death of these neurons leads to dementia found in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. By antagonizing the receptor, memantine prevents neuronal death thereby treating Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730009227	Memantine is a uncompetitive antagonist of the NDMA receptors on neurons in the hippocampus. In normal physiology, after glutamate binds to a neuron, ion efflux due to open calcium channels on these neurons can lead to overexcitation and neuron death. When memantine binds, it does not prevent normal signalling but prevents the neuron overexcitation and death that is characteristic of Alzheimers disease.
711510047	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor, which is an ionotropic glutamate receptor on CNS neurons in the hippocampus. In normal physiology, as a voltage-gated ion channel, calcium passes through and glutamate releases into the synaptic cleft to propagate excitatory neurotransmission. However, under conditions of chronic depolarization, excitotoxicity can occur as a result of excessive glutamatergic signaling, resulting in neuronal death. By binding to the Mg2+ site of the NMDA receptor, which is neither an orthosteric nor an allosteric site, memantine functions as an NMDA receptor antagonist only under conditions of excessive glutamate excitation and does not interfere with ordinary neurotransmission. By blocking the NMDA receptor in order to quell chronic depolarization, memantine treats the excitotoxicity that contributes to the neuronal death associated with Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730301143	Memantine is an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist of the NMDA receptor located on CNS neurons, especially in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. Normally, glutamate activates the NMDA receptor, causing an influx of Calcium and Sodium that results in post-synaptic neuronal excitation. Chronically depolarized neurons can result in prolonged flow of Sodium into the cell, which can trigger a cascade of membrane, cytoplasmic, and nuclear events that lead to neurotoxicity. As an antagonist, memantine binds the Mg2+ site of the NMDA receptor during excessive stimulation conditions. Memantine&#39;s binding suppresses excessive glutamate signaling, without affecting normal neurotransmission, to reduce excitotoxicity and nueronal death in the treatment of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730008206	Memantine (Namemda) is a NMDA receptor antagonist used for the treatment of Alzehimer&#39;s. NMDA receptors are located in neurons in the hippocampus of the brain. Normally, NMDA is activated by glutamate and allows for the release of ions that depolarizes the cell and leads to firing and hyperexcitation which in turn induces neurotoxicity and cell death. Memantine binds and blocks the NMDA receptor only in states of hyperexcitatbility, not normal conduction, and attenuates the excitation to preserve neurons
720431068	Memantine is an uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist located in the brain. Normally, glutamate will overstimulate the NMDA receptors, leading to excitotoxicity that causes cell death - charactersitic of Alzheimer&#39;s disease. Treatment with Memantine prevents this overstimulation and excitotoxicity and prevent cell and neuronal death that causes symptoms of Alzheimers.
730170143	Memantine is an orthostatic, reversible antagonist of the NMDA-receptor in the nigrostriatal neurons in the hippocampus. Normally, glutamate binds to the NMDA receptor and excessively stimulates neurons leading to neuotoxicity and neuron death. Memantine blocks the activity of glutamate at the NMDA receptor to block excessive stimulation of neurons and maintain neuronal health in order to treat Alzheimer&#39;s disease which is partly caused by neuronal cell death.
730337615	Memantine is an NMDA receptor antagonist in the CNS. Normally the NMDA receptor is bound by glutamate and increases excitatiory neurotransmisison. Memantine acts as an uncompetitive inhibitor of the NMDA glutamate receptor to block excessive glutamate signialing that is associated with cytotoxicity and neuronal cell death characteristic of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730046634	Memantine is a reversible non competitve inhibitor of the NMDA receptor located in the brian. Normally, NMDA receptors are usually blocked by magnesium, but are activated by glutamate which change calcium and sodium ion concentrations causing activation of action potentials. Overactivation of the NMDA receptor can lead neuronal toxicity. As an antagonist, memantine will bind to the binding NMDA receptor preventing furhter activation from glutamate, which will prevent neuronal excitation and toxicity to help alleviate symptoms of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
720516197	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of NMDA receptor in the postsynaptic neuron in the CNS. Normally, NMDA receptors are activated by glutamate and allow NA+ and Ca2+ ion flow into the membrane, depolarize the neuron and cause excitatory neurotransmission. Chronically depolarized neurons have prolonged Ca2+ ion flow which can lead to neurotoxicity and neuronal cell death. Memantine binds to NMDA receptor Mg2+ site, blocks the excitatory neurotransmission by glutamate only when the nuerotransmission is excessive without affecting the normal neurotransmission. As an NMDA receptor antagonist, memantine blocks the overexcitatory neurotransmission and inhibit excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death which contributes to Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730010565	Memantine is an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist of NMDA receptors on neurons in the hippocampus, PFC, and nucleus basalis. Normally, the NMDA receptor is activated by glutamate to allow for Ca flow through the NMDA receptor and therefore neuronal excitation. However, in the presence of excess glutamate, this neuronal stimulation can become overexcitatory and lead to neurotoxicity. Therefore, as an NMDA antagonist, memantine binds to the Ca2+ block of the receptor and only inhibits excessive activity, while still allowing for normal function. This action helps decrease the neurotoxic effects of excessive glutamate that is typical of Alzeheimer&#39;s disease.
720391577	Memantine (Namenda) targets NMDA receptor loacted in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucelus basilas. Memantine is a reversible uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor. Normally, the NMDA receptor is stimulated by glutamate which stimulates postsynaptic neurotransmission and increases releases of calcium, which can lead to neurotoxicity when there is over excitation of the NMDA receptor by glutamate. Memantine is an antagonist on the NMDA receptor and works by preventing this over excitation of the NMDA receptor by glutamate, but does not affect normal neurotransmission. Prevention of glutamate binding and over activativation of NMDA receptors prevents the excessive excitation which is characteristic in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730301183	Memantine is also know as Namenda and is used for the treatment of Alzteimers disease. Memantine is an uncompetitve reversible inhibitor of NMDA that works by binding the Mg pocket and preventing the overexcitability that is associated with alzteimers disease.
730306031	Memantine, also known as Namenda, is a reversible NMDA receptor antagonist. The NMDA receptor is an ion channel that is located in the CNS and activated by Glutamate. This leads to an excitatory pathway. When the NMDA receptor is overstimulated, this can lead to excitotoxicity. This means, excessive glutamate stimulation can lead to cell death or necrosis. This cell death degrades neurons and proteins in the brain which leads to Alzheimers. Memantine inhibits this overstimulation and ultimately prevents excitotoxicity and slows the onset of Alzheimers.
730336866	memantine (Namenda) is a competative NMDA receptor antagonist. Memantine targets NMDA-Rs located in the cerebral cortex, hippocampus, and nucleous bacilis. NMDA-Rs are ligand-gated ion channels that are normally activated by glutamate. NMDA-Rs regulate the transport of sodium and calcium and when bound by glutamate, induce membrane depolarization to facilitate postsynaptic neuronal excitability. Excessive stimulation of NMDA-Rs by glutamate leads to a cascade of cytoplasmic, membrane, and nuclear events that result in excitotoxcicty and neuronal cell death associated with AD. Memantine binds to and blocks the the Magnesium binding site of the NMDA-R during times of glutamate-induced overstimulation, without effecting normal neurotransmission, to prevent excessive depolarization that results in neuronal excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death associated with Alzhiemer&#39;s disease.
720511985	Memantine (Namenda) is an reversible unselective inhibitor of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor which are located in the hippocampus. Normally NMDA causes excitation via calcium and potassium release, which can lead to toxicity if overproduced. Memantine binds to an NMDA- Mg+ allosteric site to reduce over-excitation while still allowing normal action with the primary NMDA receptor;
720514156	Memantine (Brand name Namenda) binds to the NMDA receptor in the CNS and is utilized in the treatment of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. In normal physiology actetylcholine binds to the NMDA receptor and loss of acetylcholine leads to worsening of symptoms of Alzheimers. Memantine binds to the receptor which allows for acetylcholine to to not be lost. With memantine binding to the NMDA receptor, acetylcholine will still be present therefore preventing the worsening of Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730339317	Memantine is a reversible uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptors that are expressed in the CNS specifically when speaking of Alzheimer&#39;s in the hippocampus. Normally, the NMDA receptor as a ligand gated ion channel, is activated by Glutamate which allows for both Na and Ca ions to pass into the cell. However, excess Glutamate binding can lead to uptake of excess Ca by the neuronal cell which can lead to neurotoxicity. As a result, Memantine as an antagonist, binds to NMDA&#39;s Mg binding site in order to act as a blocker and prevent Na and Ca from passing through this ligand ion channel. This results in Memantine blocking neuronal Glutamate excitation and prevents over excitation of cell which can lead to neurotoxicity and neuronal death which is characteristic in Alzheimer&#39;s.
730007672	Memantine is an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist of the NMDA Glutamate receptor found in the brain, particularly in the prefrontal cortex and other areas. In normal physiology, Mg2+ is bound to the receptor, the NMDA receptor is activated by glutamate, and propogates inhibitory signals through the CNS, such as signals to inhibit uncoordinated body movements. Memantine works as an antagonist at higher concetrations of glutamate, blocking over stimulation and excitotoxicity of glutamate, and helping to control uncoordinated body movements associated with Parkinson&#39;s disease.
730010615	Memantine (Namenda) is a uncompetetive antagonist of the NMDA receptor located on CNS neurons in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. Normally, when the NMDA receptor, which is a ligand gated ion channel, is bound by glutamate (the endogenous ligand), the NMDA receptor ion channel opens and allows Na and Ca ions to flow into the neuron, exciting the neuron and resulting in increased neurotransmission. Chronic overstimulation of the NMDA receptor in this way can lead to too much neurotransmission, and excitotoxicity and death of postsynaptic neurons, such as AcH neurons in the hippocampus. AcH signaling in the hippocampus is important for memory consolidation, and thus overactive NMDA receptors in this region and destruction of AcH neurons due to excitotoxicity can result in the memory deficit issues observed in Alzheimer&#39;s disease. Memantine, acting as an uncompetetive antagonist, binds to the Mg binding site of the NMDA receptor (but with longer dwell time than Mg), thus blocking the ion channel and preventing the entrance of Na and Ca into the cell. Thus, memantine can help to decrease the neurotransmission and excessive signalling that results in excitotoxicity, without influencing normal neurotransmission. Memantine, then, due to its antagonism of the NMDA receptor, helps to prevent the excitotoxicity and AcH neuron destruction that causes low AcH levels in the hippocampus, and can thus help to relieve the symptoms of Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730308943	Memantine is a noncompetitive inhibitor. The target of memantine is the NMDA receptor located in the CNS. Normally, the NMDA receptor (an ion channel) is partially blocked by magnesium to prevent the excessive ion flow into the neuron via the ion channel (excessive ion flow could lead to neurotoxicity). Glutamate binds to the NMDA receptor to allow ions into the neuron in order to depolarize it which leads to neuronal excitation. Memantine binds to the receptor and blocks the channel to prevent ion movement. Blocking the channel does not allow for neuronal excitation which is useful in treating Alzheimer&#39;s disease and preventing neurotoxicity.
730305075	Memantine acts as a selective, uncompetitive inhibitor of the NMDA receptor. The NMDA receptor is a glutamate receptor located primarily within the basal root ganglia, prefrontal cortex, and hippocampus region of the CNS. Glutamate is an excitatory neurotransmitter within the CNS. Memory loss and dysfunction are some of the symptoms associated with Alzheimer&#39;s Disease which could be attributed to degradation of important neurotransmitters within the CNS. Memantine works to attenuate those symptoms by inhibiting glutamate from binding to the NMDA receptor which in turn reduces excess neuronal firing that ultimately leads to degradation of neurotransmitters.
730344007	Memantine is a reversible, non-competitive antagonist of NMDA receptors located on neurons in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis of the brain. The NMDA receptor binds glutamate to allow influx of Na+ and Ca2+ into the neuron to promote hyperexcitation after Mg2+ releases following cell depolarization. (The receptor is active in excessive signaling due to glutamate, not just ordinary signalling following depolarization.) Memantine binds to the Mg2+ binding region and prevents response to glutamate binding to prevent excitotoxicity and neuronal fatigue which exacerbates Alzheimer&#39;s symptoms (does not delay disease progression).
730300292	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of NMDA receptor, which is expressed in post-synaptic CNS neurons, especially in hippocampus, pre-frontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. Normally, NMDA receptors (ligand-gated ion channel) are activated by the excitatory neutrotransmitter glutamate, allowing sodium and calcium flow into the cell and depolarize the cell membrane. Chronically depolarizing the membrane and conducting excitatory neurotransmission can lead to a cascade of synaptic, cytoplastic, and nuclear activities, which cause neurotoxicity. Memantine as an NMDA-R antagonist, binding to NMDA-R magnesium ion site, will inhibit overexpression of excitatory of neurotransmission while having no effects on normal neurotransmission. Therefore, it can decrease the abnormally high excitation of neurons and inhibit excitotoxicity and neuronal damage or death, which are characteristic of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730302081	Memantine is an uncompetitive, allosteric antagonist of the NMDA receptor found on post-synaptic CNS neurons. NMDA is a neuronal ligand gated ion channel that, when activated by glutamine, allows influx of sodium and calcium into the neuron for depolarization and subsequent neurotransmission. Normally, a magnesium ion located away from the orthosteric site acts as a channel blocker to attenuate overexcitation of the neuron. As an NMDA agonist, memantine binds to this magnesium site to act as a channel blocker to inhibit the flow of cations needed for excitation of the neuron. By blocking this channel, memantine can then inhibit neuro-excitotoxicity, seen in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease, to avoid neuronal cell death from over-excitation.
730336309	Memantine, brand name Namenda, is a NMDA (glutamate) receptor antagonist. This is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA (glutamate) receptor in the CNS, specifically the pre-frontal cortex, hippocampus, and nuclues basalis. Nornamlly, this receptor leads to the depolarization of membranes through Na+ and Ca+ channels, leading to excitotoxicity and memory deficits in patients with Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. Memantine binds to the Mg2+ site on the NMDA receptor, leading to the blockage of depolarization, and a decrease in excitotoxicity and neurotoxicity seen in the CNS in patient&#39;s with AD.
730203946	Memantine is an uncompetitive, allosteric, reversible antagonist of the NMDA receptors located in the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex.. Normally, glutamate activates the NDMA receptor, leading to opening of Na and Ca ion channels that result in depolarization and transduction of the action potential. Memantine binds to the Mg allosteric site of the NMDA receptor as an antagnoist, preventing overexcitation by the glutamate neurotransmitter that causes symptoms associated with Alzheimer&#39;s disease, thereby slowing down the progression of Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730092448	Memantine is a reversible uncompetitive inhibitor of the NMDA receptor located on neurons in the CNS. Glutamate is the ligand for the NMDA receptor and once bound, this allows Na and Ca ions to pass through, causing depolarization of the membrane potential, stimulating the neuron and allowing neurotransmission. In conditions of excessive excitation, memantine inhibits the NMDA receptor, preventing glutamate from binding and which would decrease transfer of ions and excitation of neurons to prevent neurotoxicity and preserving neuronal activity and treating Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730337192	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of NMDA receptors located especially in the hippocampus. Normally, NMDA receptor is activated by glutamate, and as the NMDA receptor is activated, Na+ ions and Ca2+ ions will go into the cell and K+ ions will leak out from the cell. However, the prolong activation of NMDA receptors will increase the intracellular level of Ca2+ ions, which will result in neurotoxicity and cell death. As a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of NMDA receptors, memantine will only inhibit the the activation of NMDA receptors when there is an excessive amount of glutamate that cause the prolong activation of NMDA receptors. As a result, memantine will prevent the neurotoxicity and cell death and managing Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730300464	Memantine (brand name Namenda) is an uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor, a ligand gated ion channel. The NMDA receptor is a type of glutamate receptor found distributed throughout the CNS but of therapeutic interest is its concentration in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. In normal physiology, glutamte acts as the primary excitatory neurotransmitter in the CNS, binding the NMDA receptor to conduct signals between neurons. Memantine elicits its therapeutic effects by binding at the Mg2+ site of the NDMA receptor to prevent activation and reduce the excitotoxicity associated with excessive glutamate transmission that can cause symptoms of Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730300715	Memantine (Namenda) is a reversible, uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist and the receptor is found on neurons in the CNS in select areas of the brain such as the hippocampus. In normal physiology, the neurotransmitter glutamate binds the NMDA receptor to cause activation of the neuron through sodium influx and depolarization. In Alzheimer&#39;s, continuous activation by glutamate depletes the neuron&#39;s resources, leading to excitotoxicity and neuron death. By blocking the NMDA receptor, memantine reduces excitotoxicity and thus Alzheimer&#39;s symptoms.
730008212	Memantine is a reverible, un-competitive antagonist of NMDA receptors localized on CNS neurons, especially within the hippocampus, the prefrontal cortex, and the nucleus basalis. NMDA receptors are ligand gated ion channels that are normally activated by glutamate which increases the passage of Na and Ca, depolarizes the membrane, and contributes to post-synaptic excitation. However, chronically depolarized membranes that allow the prolonged passage of Ca into the neuron have the potential to trigger a cascade of membrane, cytoplasmic, and nuclear events that lead to neurotoxocity. By binding to the NMDA receptor at the Mg site, memantine has the ability to block NMDA receptors under conditions of excessive stimulation without affecting normal neurotransission. As an NMDA antagonist, memantine blocks excessive stimulation of NMDA receptors by glutamate which otherwise has the ability to promote hyperexcitation, neurotoxicity, and eventually neuronal death which characterizes the progression of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730305176	Memantine (Namenda) is an uncompetitive antagonist of the NDMA receptor found on CNS neurons, particularly in the nucleus basalis, prefrontal cortex, and hippocampus. Normally, this receptor is bound by glutamate (an excitatory neurotransmitter) and leads to cell depolarization, which causes neuronal firing. However, in cases of Alzheimer Disease, overexcitation can lead to neuronal cell death (excitotoxicity). When memantine binds to the Mg2+ site of the NDMA receptor, it helps to prevent receptor activation by glutamate and reverses the depolarization of these CNS neurons in overexcited cells, but has no impact on normal neurotransmission. Thus, memantine helps to treat AD by preventing excitotoxicity.
730308947	Memantine is a drug indicated in the treatment of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. Memantine is a NMDA receptor antagonist. Under normal physiological conditions, the NMDA receptors located in the brain bind to the excitatory neurotransmitter, glutamate. Glutamate&#39;s binding to the NMDA receptor causes a conforational change that allows positive sodium and calcium ions to flow into the neuron and depolarizing it. This depolarization causes the neuron to fire an action potential. In patients with Alzheimer&#39;s disease, this NMDA receptor is overstimulated by glutamate which causes neuron excitotoxicity leading to cognitive decline in patients. Memantine is a competes with glutamate at the NMDA receptor for binding and prevents the excessive stimulation of the NMDA receptor that eventually leads to neuronal cell death in people with Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730305017	Memantine is an agonist of NMDA receptors located on CNS neurons in the motor cortex of the brain. Normally, glutamate activates the NMDA receptor in neurons to stimulate nerve impulses. Memantine acts as a NMDA receptor anatgonist to reduce overstimulation of neurons that causes neuronal death and symptoms of Parkinson&#39;s disease.
730332858	Memantine is a uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist. The NMDA receptor is an ion channel found on CNS neurons especially in the hippocampus. Normally, glutamate binds to the NMDA receptor and allows the passing of Na+ and Ca2+, but overstimulation can lead to overexcitation by these ions and neurotoxic effects. Memantine binds to the Mg2+ site of this channel and blocks this channel preventing excessive excitation by glutamate, but allows normal ion passage for the treatment of Alzheimers patients, where excessive excitation can cause memory loss and dementia.
730335667	Memantine or Namenda is a reversible competitive NMDA receptor antagonist that is used for the treatment of Alzheimers Disease. Typically GABA is able to bind to the NMDA receptor. We are interested in blocking GABA signals to the NMDA receptor in order to lower the high levels of GABA associated with Alzheimers Disease and a worsening state of mind.
730000106	Memantine is an uncompetive, antagonist of the NMDA receptor. The NMDA receptor is located on post synaptic nuerons in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucelus bacilis (in reference to Alzheimer&#39;s pathophysilogy). The NMDA receptor is an ionotropic receptor that is bound by glutamate in normal physiology. The channel is normally blocked by a Mg+2 ion that prevents movement of ions through the channel. However, with depolarization of the neuron as well as conformational changes induced by glutamate binding to the receptor, Mg+2 releases from the receptor and the channel opens to allow the influx of Na+ and Ca+2 ions into the cell. The influx of such ions induces further cellular depolarization as well as activation of second messangers and kinases in the cell through the action of Ca+2 as a second messanger. Such activation leads to cellular activities that promote neuronal growth and development. However, in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease these nuerons are over excited by glutamate binding to the NMDA receptor and result in the development of neuronal damage and exitotoxicity (ex. Phospholipase A overactivation). Therefore, memantine is used to bind as an uncompetitive antagonist of NMDA essentially occluding the flow of ions as well as altering glutamate&#39;s binding affinity and ability to inact a conformational change in the receptor (Km and Vmax altered). This antagonist activity reduces depolarization of the neuron and intracellular activity to limit exitotoxicity in the treatment of Alzheimer&#39;s symptoms.
720543380	Memantine (namenda) is a reversible uncompetitive receptor antagonist that works on NMDA receptors on neurons in the CNS such as within the hippocampus. Normally, NMDA receptors us Mg+ as a cofactor and respond to glutamate and allow for Na+ and Ca2+ ions to enter the cell which aids in depolarization and action potenial propagation. In Alzheimers Disease, NMDA receptors are over stimulated by glutamate, which allows for too much sodium and calcium to enter the cell which can cause neurotoxcity and aid in the degeneration of neurons in the hippocampus which leads to memory loss. Memantine works by targeting over stimulated NMDA receptors and blocking them by binding to the Mg+ site which prevents ions from enter the cell and prevents neurotoxcitity. This prevents neurons from being degerated which aleivates the symptoms of alzheimers disease such as memory loss. Memantine is uncompetitive because it doesnt bind to an orthosetric site nor does it bind to an allosteric site, and can target for NDMA receptors that are being stimualted above normal levels and leave receptors stimulating at normal levels alone.
720498432	memantine is a reversible uncompetitive antagonist of N-methyl-D-Aspartate receptor expressed on CNS neurons, especially in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex and nucleus basalis. Normally, NMDA receptors are stimulated by glutamate to pass Na+ and Ca2+ ions that contribute to and potentiate postsynaptic excitation. Chronically depolarized membranes allow prolonged Ca2+ flow in the neurons which leads to a cascade of membrane, cytoplasmic and neural events that trigger neurotoxicity. By binding to NMDA receptors, memantine acts as a receptor blocker to decrease excessive stimulation without interfering with normal stimulation. As an antagonist, memantine blocks excessive stimulation of glutamate and prevents excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death which lead to alzheimer&#39;s disease
730305293	Memantine (Namenda) is an uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor. This receptor is found in the prefrontal cortex, hippocampus, and nucleus basalis all located in the CNS. Normally the NMDA receptor would be activated by glutamate to increase glutamenergic signaling in the CNS. However over stimulation this receptor can lead to chronic neuron firing, neurotoxicity, and neuron death all characteristic of Alzheimer&#39;s disease. By being an uncompetitive antagonist memantine only blocks the NMDA receptor in cases of excess neurotransmission from glutamate. This leads to a decrease in chronic neurotransmission and decreases neurotoxicity and neuron death characteristic of Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730011523	Memantine is a NMDA channel blocker on neurons located in the central nervous system. NDMA normally responds to glutamate in the synapse and will slowly open, allowing neuron depolarization and Ca ion influx. In Alzhiemer&#39;s Disease this channel can be overstimulated and stay open constantly. When this channel is constantly stimulated it never closes causing the neuron to be constantly depolarized. The cell is never allowed to repolarize and the influx of ions causes neurotoxicity and cell death. Memantine inhibits glutamate from binding NMDA therefore preventing the channel form opening and prevent cell death and neurotoxicity.
730335668	Memantine is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the NMDA receptor located on neurons of the central nervous system. In normal physiology, the neurotransmitter glutamate acts on this receptor to induce excitatory responses. Memantine&#39;s binding of the receptor prevents glutamate from this activity. Thus, memantine reduces the excitatory neural activity that leads to neurotoxicity and neuronal degeneration in the CNS secondary to Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730003873	Memantine is an uncompetitive antagonist of the enzyme acetylcholinesterase (AChE) found in cholinergic synapses, especially near the hippocampus. In normal physiology, AChE cleaves acetylcholine in cholinergic synapses to terminate ACh signaling. By antagonizing this enzyme, memantine leads to increased ACh in cholinergic synapses, treating the decreased ACh signaling associated with Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730338780	Memantine, or Namenda, is an agonist of the NMDA receptor located in post-synaptic neurons of the CNS and is used for treatment of Alzheimers. Typically, activation of these receptors would cause neuronal firing through depolarization and an increase in ion permeability (especially ions like chloride). In Alzheimers, firing of CNS neurons are decreased and so agonizing these receptors increases neuronal firing and improves alzheimers symptoms.
730309028	Memantine is an uncompetitive antagonist of N-Methyl-D-Aspartate (NMDA) receptor located in the CNS, especially the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and niastatium. Normally, NMDAR is activated by glutamate, which activates the channel that controls the flow of sodium and calcium into the brain. In Alzheimer&#39;s Disease, these pathways are chronically activated, leading to overstimulation by glutamate and this leads to memory disorders and dementia. By antagonizing NMDAR at the Mg2+ site with memantine, the overstimulation by glutamate is stopped, allowing the brain to repolarize to normal and this aids in controlling memory loss and dementia associated with Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730337566	Memantine is an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist of the NMDA receptor located in the hippocampus of the brain. In normal physiology, magnesium ions are bound in the NMDA receptors to block sodium and calcium ion influx during neurotransmission to allow only the AMPA receptors to participate in the depolarization and stimualtion of the respective neurons; glutamate is the endogenous ligand of both the AMPA and NMDA receptors. However, glutamate binds to NMDA receptor and releases the magnesium when there is overexcitation to help with neurotransmission when the AMPA receptors are not enough. The continuous use of the NDMA receptors can cause excitotoxicity and death of neuronal cells, which leads to Alzheimer Disease. As an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist, memantine binds to the magnesium binding site to block sodium and calcium influx when glutamate is bound to the receptor, leading to the preservation of the neurons by preventing excitotoxicity, a treatment of Alzheimer Disease.
730305078	Memantine (Namenda) is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of NMDA receptors on presynaptic neurons of the hippcampus, prefontal cortex, and nucleus basalis within the CNS. Normally, glutamate binds to the NMDA receptor, which is an ion channel, to lead to its opening so that sodium and calcium ions can influx into the cell. This leads to depolarization and excitation of the neurons. Overactivation can then lead to excitotoxicity and neuron damage or death. As an antagonist of NMDA-R, memantine binds to the Mg2+ binding site to block glutamate activation and prevent the excitoxicity that leads to neuronal damage and death in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730341594	Memantine, otherwise known as Namenda, is an uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor located in the CNS (prefrontal region). Normally, NMDA is inactivated and bound to magnesium. Glutamate is the major excitatoy neurotransmitter in the CNS and endogenous agonist of the NMDA receptor. Activation of the NMDA receptor by glutamate mediates excitatory neurotransmission in the CNS. More specifically, upon glutamate-induced depolarization of the NMDA receptor, magnesium dissociates and glutamate binds. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease, there is prolonged activation of the NMDA receptor, which prevents magnesium from binding. Overtime, this will lead to neuronal death that is a characteristic of this disease. Memantine binds to magnesium binding sites of the NMDA receptor for a prolonger period of time and prevents only excessive activation by glutamate. It does not affect normal neurotransmission.
720433193	The brand name for memantine is Namenda, which is an NMDA Receptor (ligand-gated ion channel) Antagonist. It is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist that is used to treat Alzheimer&#39;s Disease by primarily working in the CNS neurons containing NMDA Receptors. The purpose is to inhibit potential excitotoxicity. Usually, NMDA is blocked by Mg2+, however when there is excitation from AMPA, the NMDA receptor can become depolarized in which glutamate comes and binds to allow Na+ and Ca2+ flow through the channels. The influx of Ca2+ can bind to Ca2+ dependent kinases, such as Protein Kinase C, where overstimulation can occur. As an end result, this can lead to excitotoxicity and cell death. Therefore, by binding as an antagonist, memantine helps to make sure that glutamate cannot bind onto the NMDA Mg2+ site, which prevents this influx flow of ions and excitotoxicity.
730005239	Memantine is an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist of the NMDA receptor. The NMDA receptor is found on neurons in the CNS. Normally, depolarization leads to glutamate being released and glutamate then activates the NMDA receptor by releasing the Mg2+ blocked site on the receptor. The NMDA receptor is a ligand gated ion channel so when glutatmate binds, Na+ and Ca2+ will lead to depolarization and lead to many enzymes being activated. However, this can lead to excitotoxicity and this is a factor of Alzheimer&#39;s. Memantine binds to the uncompetitive Mg2+ site on the NMDA receptor and by inhibiting the NMDA receptor, memantine inhibits overstimulation by glutamate and decreases excitotoxicity to treat Alzheimer&#39;s.
730014075	Memantine is a competitive inhibitor of the NMDA-R located on vestibular nuclei of the CNS and brain stem. Normally, the NMDA-R binds ligand which results byproducts that aid in the formation of amyloid plaques and tangles that result in neuronal cell death. Memantine treats Alzheimer&#39;s Disease by acting as an inhibitor of this process, preventing the formation of neurodegenerative byproducts, and sparing neuonal cells within the CNS.
730009068	Memantine (brand name Namenda) is an uncompetitive reversible NMDA receptor antagonist. The NMDA receptor is a ligand-gated ion channel and a type of glutamate receptor located on CNS neurons, the hippocampus, the prefrontal cortex, and the nucleus basalis. Normally, the NMDA receptor binds glutamate allowing influx of Na+ and Ca++ for cellular depolarization leading to neurotoxicity. Memantine binds to the NMDA-R Mg2+ site of the receptor under excessive stimulation and blocks glutamate activity, thus blocking excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death of Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730081905	Memantine is a reversible and uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist. NMDAR is a ligand-gated ion channel found on neurons in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. Normally, NMDAR is activated by glutamate to allow Na+ and Ca2+ ions to flow. If the ions are allowed to flow into an already depolarized membrane, excitotoxicity can occur. By binding to the Mg2+ site of the NMDAR, memantine blocks the Na+ and Ca2+ channel to prevent excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death that can occur in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730012332	memantine is an uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptors that are located on the hippocampus, nucleus basalis, and prefrontal cortex. Normally glutamate would bind to these receptors and this would allow the passage of sodium and calcium through the receptor. This creates a depolarization, due to excess glutamate the receptor will continue to depolarize and lead to excess cell activities that can lead to neurotoxicity. In order for memantine to work there has to excessive glutamate stimulation, causing neurotoxcitity. Memantine will bind to Mg2+ site of the NMDA receptor in order to block the continual depolarizations. Therefore stopping neurotoxicity that may cause memory loss or confusion in someone who has Alzheimers disease.
730351906	The brand name is Namenda. Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of NMDA glutamate receptors located on cholinergic neurons in the CNS mostly in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and neuron basalis. Normally, glutamate binds the NMDA receptor causing depolarization which increases Ca2+ which activates a cascade down the neuron leading to excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death. By binding the NMDA Mg2+ site, memantine blocks glutamate from binding not allowing for depolarization of the cell meaning Ca2+ is not increased and there is not neuronal cell death which is common in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. Memantine helps decrease the cognitive impairments seen in Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730012793	Memantine is a NMDA receptor antagonist. NMDA receptor antagonist act reversibly and un-competitively on the NMDA recpetor magnesium binding site of the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. Normally, glutamate binds to the NMDA receptor and displaces magnesium. This causes the channel to open and allow calcium to flow into the cell. When calcium enters the cell, it causes the cell the become excited. If the NMDA receptor is continuously activated and stimulated, it is difficult for magnesium to come back in and bind. If the cell is continuously stimulated, it can cause the neuronal cell death. NMDA receptor antagonist bind to the NMDA receptor magnesium site and cause the channel to close, prevent continous excitation that can lead to neuronal death in alzheimer&#39;s disease. It is also important to note that memantine only acts on over stimulated cells and not cells that are functioning normal.
720501213	Memantine is a uncompetitive antagonist, which binds reversibly to the NMDA glutamate receptor at the glutamatergic neurons in CNS. In normal physiology glutamate binds to the NMDA glutamate receptor, which is a ligand gated Na+ and/or Ca+ channel. Upon The binding of the NMDA receptor by glutamate, the receptor is activated to increase the influx of Na+ and/or Ca+ in the neuronal cell, which causes the neuron to depolarize. The therapeutic effects of memantine is a Alzheimers diseased patient is the Blocking of the NMDA receptor. Memantine antagonizes the NMDA receptor by binding to thr Mg+ site of the NMDA receptor, where it blocks The NMDA&#39;s activities as a ligand gated receptor. Thus, lowering the overstimulation of the neurons, lowering the possibilities of excitotoxicty, and decreasing neuronal cell death.
730339832	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor located on postsynaptic neurons in the CNS. Under normal conditions, the major excitatory neurotransmitter glutamate will bind the NMDA receptor, activating the ligand-gated ion channel and allowing Na+ to influx, increasing the chance of firing an action potential. In the development of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease, glutamate is chronically elevated due to neuronal degeneration, leading to excitotoxicity effects. Thus, by antagonizing the NMDA receptor, memantine can prevent overactivity of glutamate in the CNS and slow Alzheimer&#39;s Disease progression.
730300837	Memantine (Namenda) is an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist of NMDA receptors located in the hippocampus, nucleus basalis, and prefrontal cortex. In normal physiology, NMDA receptors are bound by magnesium under resting membrane potential and cannot conduct ions. Following depolarization through binding of glutamate, the magnesium ion is released and the NMDA receptor can conduct calcium and sodium ions, further depolarizing the cell and promoting release of neurotransmitters. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease, neuronal degeneration results in increased extracellular glutamate, causing constant depolarization of neurons with the NMDA receptor. This results in increased intracellular calcium, causing continued activation of signaling pathways and eventual cell death. By binding at the magnesium binding site and antagonizing the receptors, memantine prevents further excitotoxicity and decreases cognitive and memory decline in patients with Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730169512	N/A
730004785	Memantine (Namenda) is a reversible uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist. The target is the NMDA receptor and it is located on neurons in the CNS epecially in the prefrontal cortex, hippocampus and nucleus basilis. Normally, the NMDA receptor is excited by glutamate, but when the receptor is antagonized this excitoxocity is prevented. The indication of memantine is Alzheimers Disease.
730338642	Memantine, or Namenda, is an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist of NMDAR which is located in presynaptic neurons in the CNS. Normally, in Alzeheimer&#39;s disease, there is a deficiency in ACh and overexcited glutamate neurotransmission. This results in the overexcitation of the synapse resulting in the death of neuronal cells. By blocking this pathway, memantine is treating Alzheimer&#39;s by blocking this overexcitation of glutamate and preventing the further breakdown of ACh in the CNS. It should be noted that this drug does is not a cure for Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730305018	Memantine (Namenda) is an uncompetitive antagonist at the Mg2+ site of the NMDA type glutamate receptors which are a type of ionotropic receptor and regulates the ion channel directly. The receptors are found mainly in the hippocampus of the brain. Normally, glutamate binding activates the receptor and leads to increase levels of Ca2+ which plays many roles in neuronal cell function. In overstimulation, such as in Alzheimer&#39;s disease, Mg2+ is not able to bind back to its site in the receptor and prevent the further release of Ca2+. Memantine binding to the Mg2+ prevents further release of calcium only in states of overstimulation and does not affect normal neurotransmission. By inhibiting continuous release of calcium, memantine prevents excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death associated with Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730308957	Memantine is an uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor located on CNS neurons on the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and the nucleas basalis. Normally, glutamate binds to NMDA, which acts as an ion channel, allowing ions to flow into the neurons causing excitability. However, when the channel is at a constant, open position, excitotoxicity can occur due to overstimulation. Memantine allosterically binds to the Mg2+ binding site on the NMDA receptor to close the channel and prevent overstimulation and neuronal toxicity that is characteristic in the cognitive and memory functioning of AD patients. Note: memantine does not affect normal neurotransmission!
730300665	Memantine (Namenda) is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor located on neurons in the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex. The endogenous ligand for NMDA receptors is Glutamate which causes excitatory transmission. In Alzheimer&#39;s Disease patients, glutatamate is overstimulating the NMDAR, leading to neurotoxicity and the subsequent death of neuronal cells. Memantine binds to the site on the NMDAR where Mg2+ would normally bind to block glutamate from causing the transmission of excitatory impulses. Memantine blocks glutamate from binding to the NMDA receptor and this ceases excess neuronal firing. This prevents neurotoxicity, helps to prevent other neurons from dying, and slows the progression of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730090428	Memantine (Namenda) is a competitive inhibitor of the NMDA receptor in the CNS. In normal physiology, ATP binds to the NMDA receptor to cause a calcium efflux and depolarization. Memantine competes for the ATP binding site at NMDA and to inhibit the depolarization, leading to a decrease in the effects of mild to severe Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730356527	Memantine (Namenda) is an agonist of the NMDA receptor, which is a GPCR receptor in the CNS. In normal physiology, dopamine binds to this receptor and is phosphorylated, which helps with the storage and retreaval of memory. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease, there is a decrease in dopamine levels, so memantine mimics the normal action of dopamine at the NMDA receptor to help with memory storage and retreaval.
730013843	Memantine is a reversible uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor, an ionotropic receptor located on excitatory neurons in the CNS. Normally, glutamate acts as an endogenous agonist of the NMDA receptor and upon binding, causing a conformational change in the receptor which allows influx of Na+ and Ca2+ ions and subsequent depolarization of the neuron. By acting as an uncompetitive antagonist, memantine binds to the Mg2+ site and blocks the over-excitation of the neuron which results from increased Ca2+ flux into the neuron that normally leads to excitotoxicity in Alzheimer&#39;s disease, therefore slowing the progression of disease.
730094799	Memantine is a noncompetive antagonist of NMDA receptors on CNS neurons. Normally, NMDA is activated by glutamate to transmit impulses in the brain and excessive glutamate can lead to neuronal damage. As an antagonist, memantine prevents excessive glutamate signaling that can lead to congitive decline as seen in Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730340514	Memantine is an reversible uncompetetive antagonist of NMDA receptors therapeutically found in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. NMDA-R is a ligand gated ion channel that is normally bound and activated by glutamate, which opens the ion channel and allows Na+ and Ca2+ ions to flow into the cell stimulating and potentiating excitatory post synaptic activity (depolarization). Continued stimulation of NMDA-R results in continued and excessive Ca2+ influx which can result in a series of events (cytoskeletal and membrane) that results in excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death. As an uncompetetive antagonist, memantine binds to the Mg2+ binding site in the pore of the NMDA receptor which antagonizes the receptor under conditions of excessive stimulation by blocking the pore, but does not affect NMDA-Rs under normal signaling conditions. As a result, memantine prevents the excessive stimulation NMDA receptors that leads to excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death characteristic in AD, but does suppress acitivity of receptors under normal signaling conditions.
730004256	Memantine is an uncompetitive, antagonist of the NMDA receptor located on neurons in the prefrontal cortex, hippocampus, and nucleus basilis. Normally, glutamate binds to the NMDA receptor activating the receptor and allowing for an influx of ions, specifically Ca2+ ions. The influx of Ca2+ can result in activation of several enzymes that can be damanging to the cell membrane and result in excitotoxicity. Memantine binds to the Mg2+ site of the NMDA receptor to block activation of this channel and prevent the flow of Ca2+ through the channel. This results in a decrease in Ca2+ to protect from excitotoxicity and cell death in the treatment of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
720158983	Memantine is an uncompetitive inhibitor of NMDA type glutamate receptors in the CNS. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease, excessive firing of NMDA receptors is thought to contribute to cognitive dysfunction and memory loss. Memantine binds to a site in NMDA receptors which is normally occupied by Mg2+. This Mg2+ is normally only displaced when the action potential reaches a certain threshold, allowing the neuron to fire. By occupying the Mg2+ site, memantine prevents the excessive firing of these neurons which is seen in Alzheimer&#39;s disease, thus improving the cognitive function of patients.
730364730	Memantine is a reversible and uncompetitive antagonist of NMDA receptors, which are found on neurons in the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex of the CNS. Normally, glutamate binds to NMDA receptors and will open up calcium channels and increase concentration of calcium ions which leads to neurotoxicity of neurons. Memantine will bind to NMDA Mg 2+ site and block glutamate&#39;s activity, and this will regulate the calcium concentration in the neuron, which will lead to a reduction of neurogenerative deficiencies seen in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730304969	Memantine is a NMDA Receptor antagonist used to treat Alzheimers. Damage to CNS neurons causes an excess of glutamate in the CNS. Glutamate then binds to NMDA receptors on neurons in the CNS, to allow for increased permeabilty of Ca. Ca enteres the NMDA receptors located on CNS neurons and causes neurotoxicity that eventually leads to Alzheimers. Memantine binds to NMDA receptors on neurons in the CNS and prevents them from opening in reponse to high glutamate so that Ca cannot enter the neurons and cause neurotoxicitiy that leads to Alzheimers.
730338011	Memantine is an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor, which is located in CNS glutaminergic synapses, primarily in the prefrontal cortex, nucleus basalis, and hippocampus. In normal physiology, glutamate binds to the receptor, depolarizes the neuron, and propagates excitatory neurotransmission that is associated with memory and other cognitive functions. Memantine is an uncompetitive inhibitor because it binds at the peripheral Mg2+ site of the NMDA receptor and inhibits excessive neurotransmission that causes excitotoxicity in Alzheimer&#39;s, while at the same time allowing normal excitatory neurotransmission to continue. By preventing the excessive glutamate binding, memantine reduces excitotoxicity and neuronal death, thereby preserving and prolonging cognitive function of patients with Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730364567	Memantine is an NMDA channel antagonist. Memantine binds to the NMDA channel and inhibits calcium from coming into the cell and depolarizing it, which inhibits the excitatory effects of glutamate. Memantine is used in the treatment of Alzheimer&#39;s disease. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease, because of the plaques and fibrils that are formed by the beta/amyloid fibrils and tau, the neurons of acetylcholine are destroyed and there is an excessive production of glutamate. Constant glutamate excitation results in calcium being consistently influxed into the cells, signaling for an excessive amount of enzymes and secondary messengers to be produced. Those products end up destroying neurons and lead to the symptoms of Alzheimers, a common one which is memory loss. NMDA typically has a Mg+ ion bound in the channel so calcium ions cannot go through during normal neurotransmission. However, NMDA opens up when there is excessive neurotransmission. With the memantine binding to the NMDA channel, the influx of calcium channels will be blocked only at excessive neurotransmission and there will be a decrease in the excessive excitatory effects of glutamate.
730305085	Memantine (Namenda) is an uncompetitive, reversible inhibitor of acetylcholinesterase (AChE) which is primarily found in the synaptic cleft between neurons of the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and basal ganglia. Normally AChE hydrolyzes ACh, thereby reducing stimulation of cholinergic neurons. By inhibiting AChE, memantine enhances the activity of ACh in cholinergic neurons, which are deteriorating due to beta-amyloid plaques and neurofibrillary tangles in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. The destruction of cholinergic neurons in Alzheimer&#39;s disease is associated with decreased memory, specifically in the hippocampus which is responsible for the conversion of short-term memory to long-term memory. So, memantine aids in the inhibiting further memory loss and cholinergic neuron damage.
730301186	Memantine is an NMDA receptor antagonist that binds reversibly and uncompetitively. The NMDA receptor is found on neurons especially in the hippocampus. Normally, glutamate binds to the NMDA receptor which opens ion channels to allow an influx of ions, including calcium, that causes cell depolarization and cascades leading to excessive neurotransmission and neurotoxicity. Memantine binds reversibly to a uncompetitive magnesium site on the NMDA receptor, so channels remain closed and the cell cannot depolarize and cause excessive neurotransmission leading to neurotoxicity that causes neuron degeneration, espcially in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730345314	Memantine also known as Namenda is an uncompetitive NDMA receptor antagonist. The NMDA receptors are located on the CNS and are the ones responsible when overly excited to cause the symptoms of Alzheimer Disease, Dementia. Normally, the NMDA receptor is activated by the endogenous ligand glutamate and when the receptor is overly excited it can cause the release of too much dopamine which is associated with the positive symptoms of dementia. The drug memantine antagonizes the effect of the NDMA receptor in order to achieve the therapeutic goal of reducing the positive symptoms of dementia.
730306008	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of NMDA receptors. NMDA receptors are found in the CNS neurons, espeically in the hippocampus, the prefrontal cortex, and the nucleus basalis. Normally, glutamate binds to NMDA receptors and allow for Na+ and Ca2+ flow that contribute and potentiate post-synaptic excitation. Chronically depolarization of the membrane causes prolonged Ca2+ flow. This can lead to a cascade that causes excitotoxicity and neuronal cell deaths. As an uncompetitive antagonist, memantine binds to the Mg2+ site of NMDA receptors to reduces excessive excitation in the neuron without disrupting normal neurotransmission to prevent excitotoxicity and neuronal cell deaths associated with Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730170040	Memantine is a reversible NMDA receptor antagonist. Memantine works to target the NMDA receptors located in the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex of the brain. Normally, glutamate binds to NMDA receptors to start excitatory neurotransmission in various pathways. Alzheimer&#39;s disease has a deficiency of acetylcholine and regular glutamate neurotransmission, so memantine works to stop the release of glutamate by binding to an allosteric site on the NMDA receptor to decrease excitatory neurotransmission in the treatment of Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730335117	Memantine is an uncompetitive antagonist of NMDA type glutmate receptor in CNS, which is an ligand-gated ion channel. Normally glutamate binds to it and activates the receptor to open the ion channel. Na, Ca flow in, which lead to depolarization of neuron cells and activate cascade reaction. Prolonged channel open will lead to excitotoxic to neuron cells. As an uncompetitive antagonist, memantine binds to Mg site at NMDA type glutamate receptor and blocks excessive neuron transmission, which reduces neuron toxicity that leads to Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730075914	Memantine is an uncompetitive, reversible inhibitor of the NMDA receptor that is found in the pre-frontal cortex, nucleus basalis and the hippocampus. The NMDA receptor is normally activated when glutamate binds leading to depolarization of neurons and the firing of a nerve signal. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease there is hyperactive signalling at the NMDA receptor leading to chronic depolarization causing memory impairment. By acting as an inhibitor of the NMDA receptor, memantine helps to decrease the signalling and stop depolarization.
730300294	Memantine, or Namenda, is an reversible, uncompetitive inhibitor of NMDA glutamate receptors in the hippocampus region of the brain for the treatment of AD. Normally, glutamate activates NMDA receptors to cause depolarization to transmit signals through the CNS. In AD, there is an abundance of glutamate, causing hyperexcitability of NMDA receptors leading to chronic depolarization and Ca2+ influx leading to excitotoxicity. Therefore, when memantine binds to the Mg2+ region of the NMDA receptor, it inhibits the excitotoxicity caused by the excess of glutamate in cases of increased excitability leading to a decrease in excitotoxicty.
730296888	Memantine is an uncompetitive inhibitor of AChE located in neuronal synapses in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. Normally, AChE hydrolyzes ACh, inhibiting cholinergic neurotransmission. By binding to the uncompetitive Mg2+ site, memantine
730222792	Memantine [Namenda] is a NMDA Receptor Agonist which binds to NMDA receptors found within the brain. Normally the NMDA receptor when activated causes a release of dopaminin the substania nialgia which can help regulate memory. When Memantine binds to NMDA receptor it stimulates the extended release of dopamine which help slows the progression and syptoms of Alzheimer disease.
730014819	Memantine is a reversible uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor. NMDA is an ionotropic receptor (ligand gated ion channel) located on CNS neurons in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex and nucleus basalis. Normally, glutamate binds the NMDA receptor to allow the passage of sodium and calcium which contribute to postsynaptic excitation. Chronic depolarization can lead to a cascade of membrane, cytoplasmic and nuclear events resulting in neurotoxicity. Memantine binds the NMDA receptor under excessive stimulation, without affecting normal neurotransmission, to prevent the flow of sodium and calcium and reduce excitotoxicity that causes neuronal cell death in the treatment of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730000406	Memantine is a non-competitive NMDA receptor antagonist. NMDA receptors are located in the brain and normally, glutamate binds to cause excitatory signaling. As an non-competitive antagonist, memantine does not bind to the same site that glutamate normally binds to, but it binds to a different site to prevent excitatory signaling in those with excessive excitatory signaling. Thus, glutamate is still able to bind as normal, but the increased excitation that is present in individiduals with Alzheimer&#39;s is decreased.
730336626	Memantine, brand name Remeron, is an agonist of the NMDA-type glutamate receptor on neurons in the CNS, especially the hippocampus. In normal physiology the NMDA type glutamate receptor is repsonsible for excitatory signalling in the CNS, and stimulation of this receptor is associated with memory function. In Alzheimer&#39;s Disease (AD) there is inadequate signal stimulation from the NMDA receptor, which leads to memory imparement. Memantine acts to increase the stimulation of the NMDA receptor, and increase excitatory glutamate stimulation to the CNS. This increase in signalling helps to increase memory.
730163464	Memantine (BN: Namenda) is an un-competitive, reversible antagonist of the NMDA type glutamate receptor in CNS neurons in the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex. By blocking NMDA receptors, memantine blocks the overstimulation of glutamate and neuronal ion channels (Ca++) which leads to excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death characteristic of Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730309616	Memantine is a non-competitive, pseudo-irreversible antagonist of NMDA receptors on post-synaptic neurons in the CNS. Normally, NMDA receptors bind glutamate and send excitatory signals throughout the CNS. When memantine binds to NMDA receptors, it prevents glutamate from binding which decreases excitatory signaling and reduces the excitotoxicity that contributes to Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730004713	Memantine (Namenda) is a reversible and competitive antagonist of NMDA ion channels located within the hippocampus. In normal physiology, glutamate (an excitatory neurotransmitter) passes through the NMDA channel and causes excessive depolarization, which leads to excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death. As an antagonist of the NMDA channel, memantine blocks the excitatory effects of glutamate by binding to the channel and preventing glutamate from passing through the channel. Therefore, memantine treats Alzheimer&#39;s disease by decreasing nerve cell depolarization to prevent excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death that lead to the cognitive defects that characterize Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730324249	Memantine (Namenda) is a reversibe, uncompetative antagonist of the NMDA Receptor within the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex and nucleus basalis. Normally in Alzheimer&#39;s patients, the NMDA receptor is over stimulated by glutamate which allows for the passage of sodium and calcium ions and activation of second messengers. This continual stimulation in Alzheimer&#39;s patients leads to excitatory neurotoxicity and ultimately neuronal cell death. Memantine acts as an antagonist of the NMDA receptor when there is excessive stimulation to stop the excitotoxicity seen in Alzheimers patients that leads to cell death and memory loss.
730305081	Namenda is an uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor located in the hippocampus, among other locations in the CNS. Normally, glutamate activates the NMDA receptor to cause calcium and sodium movement across a membrane, which causes depolarization and excitatory neurotransmission. However, there are instances where the NMDA receptor is overstimulated by glutamate activity, which can lead to excitotoxicity. As an NMDA receptor antagonist, memantine blocks the activity of glutamate at the NMDA receptor by binding to the NMDA uncompetitive magnesium site, preventing the excess excitatory neurotransmission without affecting normal neurotransmission signaling. Thus, it helps to treat the excitoxicity that is prevalent in Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730338500	Memantine is a uncompetitive &quot;pseudo-irreversible&quot; inhibitor of the NMDA receptor in the CNS, most importantly the hippocampus. The term &quot;pseudo-irreversible&quot; pertains to the binding of memantine at a region that is not the active site nor an allosteric site that changes the conformation of the receptor. In, Alzheimer&#39;s Disease, glutamate binds to the NMDA receptor and causes overstimulation. In normal physiology, there is an Mg2+ regulation that allows for the receptor to be closed and only open when there is enough of an electrical gradient to remove the Mg2+. However, when there is overstimulation of glutamate, the Mg2+ is moved and the receptor is constantly activated. Memantine blocks the over stimulation of glutamate neurotransmission by keeping the Mg2+ there, removing the electrical gradient, and inhibiting the activation of the NMDA receptor. Memantine stops the overstimulation of glutamatergic neurotransmission which can cause dysfunction of those neurons in the CNS leading to symptoms of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease like memory loss and dementia.
730013201	Memantine is a reversible, competitive antagonist of NMDA receptors on CNS neurons, especially in hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. Normally, glutamate excites NMDA receptors, which are ligand-gated channels, to pass Na+ and Ca2+ that leads to cellular depolarization. Cellular depolarization allows neurotransmission but is toxic to neurons chronically. As an antagonist, memantine prevents excess stimulation of NMDA receptors without affecting the normal neurotransmission, thereby preventing neuronal cell death to slow the progression of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
720517743	Memantine is an irreversible inhibitor of neuraminidase and an antagonist to NMDA receptors. Neuraminidase is an enzyme that breaks down excess acetylcholine from the synaptic cleft into acetate and choline so they can be reused in neurotransmission. NMDA receptors help to modulate the expression of glutamate within the CNS. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease, neuraminidase becomes overexpressed and begins to break down acetylcholine before it has the opportunity to bind to receptors on the post-synaptic neruon; likewise, NMDA receptors become overstimulated and can overexpress glutamate - leading to excitotoxicity. Memantine blocks the action of neuraminidase so acetylcholine has more time to bind to post-synaptic receptors; it also blocks NMDA receptors to prevent excitotoxicity.
730341519	Memantine is a reversible, noncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist. NMDA receptors are channel proteins located on neurons in the CNS. Normally, they are activated by glutamate which stimulate them to open and allow the influx of Na+ and Ca+ into cell. This has an excitatory effect on the neuron and makes it easier for the neuron to depolarize and release neurotransmitters. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease, excessive glutamate stimulation can over time lead to degradation of the neurons and worsening of symptoms. Memantine attenuates this mechanism by binding to an allosteric site of the NMDA receptor and blocking excessive glutamate activation.
730349484	Memantine (Namenda) is a uncompetitive reversible NMDA antagonist. Memantine is an unusal drug that replaces magnesium in ion channels on neurons, but it is unactive until the ion channel is overstimulated. Normally magnesium would bind in the ion channel and this would lead to the creation of an ion gradient, resulting in an increase of dopamine release. By inhibiting the release of excessive dopamine, we can stop the severity of Alzheimrer&#39;s symptoms.
730300545	Memantine is a NMDA receptor agonist, with the target being NMDA receptors located in the hippocampus. Normally, NMDA receptors play a role in glutatmate neurotransmission. By targeting NMDA receptors, memantine binds to a site that is not the allosteric or active site. It stimulates glutamate neurotransmission and helps to treat Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730304972	The API of memantine is Namenda. Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonsist of the NDMA receptor. The NDMA receptor is found on neurons in the brain espeically in the hippocampus and the nucleus basalis. Normally, Mg2+ is present on the receptor to block depolarization of the neuron by Ca2+ at rest. Even Glu and Gly bind to the recetor, Ca2+ is unable to produce its depolarizing effects while Mg2+ is still present. Once Mg2+ leaves, the receptor is activated by Glu and Gly binding to open voltage gated Ca2+ channels to cause depolarization of the neuron. Normally, this depolarization contributes to continued activation of postsynaptic neurons; however, prolonged depolarization by Ca2+ causes neurotoxicity and cell death. Under excessive stimulation conditions, memantine acts as an antagonist of the NDMA receptor. It binds to the Mg2+ site (not an allosteric or orthosteric site) to produce its actions. It prevents activation of the receptor by Gly and Glu to decrase Ca2+ levels and prevent continued depolarization that lead to neuronal cell death and neurotoxicity and is used to treat Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. It is important to point out that memantine does not act when there is normal stimulation, it only is active when there is a situation of excessive stimulation.
730304973	Memantine is an uncompetitive, antagonist. The target is the the NDMA receptor in the CNS at the prefrontal cortex and hippocampus. In normal physiology, the NDMA receptor can be overexcited by glutamate causing exicitoxicity and neuronal death, which will decrease a patients ability to recall memories. If Memantine is used it bind to the MG2+ binding site and blocks the NDMA receptor from being overexcited by glutamate, this helps prevent the neuronal death and excitoxicity, this in turn will allow patients to recall memories easier.
730012843	Memantine is a noncompetitive, reversible antagonist of the NMDA-type glutamate receptor in the brain. Normally, depolarization stimulates the release of glutamate, and glutamate is bound to one of the glutamate receptors, specifically NMDA in this case. This receptor requires concomitant depolarization for ion flow and can lead to glutamate excitotoxicity. Memantine noncompetitively blocks the NMDA-type receptor to decrease excessive glutamate activity at the receptor and decrease neuronal cell death, both of which are associated with Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730324303	1) memantine acts as an agonist of the NMDA receptors 2) NMDA is an Cl ion channel receptors and are activated by dopamine, in the nigralstriatyl pathway in the CNS associated with Alzheimer&#39;s Disease 3) In normal physiology, NMDA receptors are bound and activated by dopamine, causing the channel opening and allowing Cl- ion influx. For patient with Alzheimer&#39;s disease, there is abnormal insufficency of of dopamine activity in the nigralstriatyl pathway. 4) Mematine, acting NMDA receptors agonist, bind and activates NMDA receptors, and restore normal dopamine activity to treat Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
720451649	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA type glutamate receptor found in the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex. Normally, glutamate binds to this GPCR receptor and via G-alpha-q, the neuron is excitatory and conducts neurotransmission via release of neurotransmitters. Too much of this neurotransmission can lead to neuron death. Memantine binds to the receptor at the Mg+ site to stop overexpression of the neurotransmission to help with Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730304974	Memantine is an uncompetitive reversible antagonist of the NMDA receptor located on post-synaptic CNS neurons. Normally, the NMDA receptors are blocked by magnesium, preventing the influx of sodium and calcium, which is removed during depolarization. Memantine mimics the magnesium ion to block the receptor. As a result, sodium and calcium cannot enter the neuron. In Alzheimer&#39;s Disease, too much sodium and calcium influx can cause excitotoxicity leading to neuronal death, which is prevented with memantine.
730020056	Memantine is an uncompetitive inhibitor of NMDA receptors found on neurons. In normal physiology, NMDA receptors can be activated by glutmate to increase sodium influx and lead to excitation of the neuron. Overstimulation by glutamate to can increase the activity of several enzymes whose overactivity can lead to neuronal cell death. By blocking the receptor, memantine can prevent and slow down the process of neuronal cell death that is associated with memory loss in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
720541446	Memantine (Namenda) is a noncompetitive, reversible NMDA receptor antagonist. It antagonizes the NMDA receptors found in the CNS during conditions of excessive glutamate stimulation. The NMDA receptor is a type of ionotropic receptor that allows calcium influx into the neuron when activated. This contributes to the excitability of a neuron, and ultimately results in the release of glutamate from the pre-synaptic neuron into the synapse. Memantine is used to interrupt the signal transmission by inhibiting calcium influx into the neuron; this is done to decrease excitoxticity.
730014494	Memantine is an uncompetitive inhibitor of the NMDA receptors found on the post-synaptic neurons in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. In normal physiology, glutamate binds to the NMDA receptor which allows sodium and calcium ions to flow through. This increases neuronal excitablility and can lead to excitotoxicity. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease, excitotoxicity causes neuronal cell death. Memantine binds to the Mg2+ site on the NMDA receptor, which prevents glutamate from causing this excitotoxicity, therefore preventing the neuronal cell death that contributes to cognitive deficits and memory loss in Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730305979	Memantine is an uncompetitive reversible antagonist of NMDR. Normally, NMDR is a ligand-gated channel that is stimulated by glutamate, an excitatory neurotransmitter. Prolonged excitation of the neurons leads to neurotoxicity and cell death, causing the symptoms associated with Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. Memantine inhibits the excessive activation of glutamate without inhibiting normal responses to mitigate the neurotoxic events, resulting in the treatment of Alzheirmer&#39;s Disease.
720401318	1. Uncompetitive antagonist 2. NMDA receptors on the hippocampus, nucelus basalis and prefrontal cortex 3. NMDA receptor is activated by glutamate to pass Na+ and Ca2+ through the receptor. Leading to hyperpolarization leading to events that cause neurotoxicity, 4. As an antagonist, memantine blocks the activity of the NMDA receptor, treating the symptons of Alzheimer&#39;s.
730344044	Memantine is a reversible, noncompetitive inhibitor of NMDA receptors located on neurons in the CNS. Normally, NMDA receptors are bound by glutamate, which causes an opening of the channel that leads to changes in memrbane potential and calcium entering the cell. Continously high levels of calcium in the cell can lead to neurotoxicity and cell death. Memantine inhibits the influx of calcium into the cell, which avoids the neurotoxicity and cell death to offset the effects of Alzheimers disease.
730342829	Memantine is an uncompetitive inhibitor of the enzyme acetylcholinesterase in the CNS. In normal physiology, acetylcholinesterase cleaves acetylcholine to render it inactive in the CNS. When these levels get too low, the deficit of acetylcholine contributes to the development of memory and cognitive deficits associated with Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. By blocking this enzyme, memantine supplements the loss of memory and improves symptoms associated with cognitive loss in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730361796	Memantine is a selective, uncompetative antagonist of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor located on the CNS neurons, especially in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex and nucelus baslis. Normally, glutamate is the endogeneous agonist of NMDA-R that increase the permeability of Na+ and Ca2+ ions, therefore increase in neurons depolarization and firing. Chronical depolarization allow for continuation of Ca2+ into the cell for continuous neurotransmission leads to excessive mechanism cascades being activated and neurotoxicity. By acting as an antagonist of the NMDA receptor, memantine binds to the Mg2+ site of NMDA-R to decrease excessive neurons firing (neurotransmission) without affecting the normal neurotransmission and helps to reduce to excitoxicity and neuronal defecits associated with Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730009316	Memantine or Namenda is a reversible antagonist of the NMDA type glutamate receptor in areas of the CNS having to deal with memory. This drug decreases the amount of glutamate in these areas to decrease the loss of memory in a patient with alzheimers. Glutamate when overexpressed can damage the tissues in the CNS and lead to neuronal cell death. Thus, memantine decreases the effects of glutamate in the CNS and preserves the tissue, such that memory can be preserved.
730347896	Memantine works on the NMDA type of the glutamate receptor. This drug is used in the treatment for Alzhimer&#39;s disease to help normalize levels of glutamate, seen to be excitotoxic in the disease state. The drug is a NMDA reversible, non-competitive antagonist which blocks the activity of glutamate and decreases the excitotoxic levels of the neurotransmitter, to help with normal functions.
720461998	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of NMDA receptors on post-synaptic cells in the CNS. It binds to the Mg2+ binding site and, similar to the endogenous ligand, closes the NMDA channel. This prevents uncontrolled Ca2+, which would normally lead to unregulated activation of numerous cell processes, excitotoxicity, and cell death. By mimicking the role of the endogenous ligand, memantine prevents Ca2+ influx during periods of excessive excitation without affecting normal excitation. This makes it useful in attenuating neuron excitotoxicity and death associated with Alzeheimer&#39;s Disease.
730078207	Memantine is a reversible and uncompetitive NMDA-R antagonist. The NMDA-R is a ligand-gated ion channel located in the CNS, particularly in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and the nucleus basalis. NMDA-R is activated by glutamate which enables Na+ and Ca2+ ions to flow through its pore to potentiate and achieve depolarization and repolarization for action potentials. This creates prolonged excitation which can lead to excitotoxicty. As an antagonist, memantine decreases the activity at the NMDA-R by binding to the Mg2+ site of the NMDA-R and blocking glutamate from binding, resulting in less prolonged excitation and potential for excitotoxicity that is associated with Parkinson&#39;s Disease.
730006868	Memantine, brand name Namenda, is an NDMA uncompetitive receptor antagonist. Normally, in Alzheimers disease, the NDMA receptor is overstimulated by glutamate, leading to prolonged opening of the Ca2+ channels and prolonged depolarization. This potentiates neuronal firing, which causes neurotoxocity and damage. At this over excitable state, memantine blocks glutamate indirectly by binding to the Mg2+ binding site(uncompetitively), therefor decreasing this prolonged depolarization and neurotoxicity found in Alzhemier&#39;s disease. The NMDA receptor is found in the hippocampus where this pathogenesis occurs.
730363572	N/A
730364568	Memantine in an uncompetitive inhibitor of the NMDA receptor which is located on CNS neurons, specifically in the hippocampus, pre-frontal cortex, and the nucleus basalis. Normally opening of this channel allows the influx Of calcium following depolarization of the neuron, however in alzheimer&#39;s disease chronic depolarization can lead to neurotoxicity from high levels of calcium. Memantine bind to the magnesium pocket in the pore of the channel Such that it only inhibits calcium influx in chronically depolarized neurons and does not interfere with normal activity. This can help reduce neurotoxicity assocaited with chronically high intracellular levels of calcium in AD.
730363249	Memantine is an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist of the NMDA receptor, located on presynaptic neurons in the CNS, in places related to Alzheimer&#39;s disease such as the hippocampus. Normally, the NMDA receptor is activated by glutamate, triggering neuronal firing and subsequent activity, but in cases such as Alzheimer&#39;s disease the Mg2+ that normally competes with the active site is no longer able to bind as often, making glutamate activity increase. This over stimulation then results in neuronal death. Memantine binds the NMDA receptor and prevents the over stimulation by glutamate, preventing neuronal call death due to the over-excitation. Thus, this medication is used to decrease this neuronal call death typically seen in Alzheimer&#39;s patients.
730338781	Memantine is an uncompetitive reversible antagonist. The drugs target is NMDA receptors located in the CNS throughout the brain. In normal physiology, NMDA receptors are involved in excitatory neurotransmission. Depolarization of the cell causes displacement of magnesium within the NMDA receptor allowing for glutamate to be released which in Alzheimer&#39;s may lead to excitotoxicity and degeration of neurons in the CNS. Memantine uncompetitively binds to the magnesium in the NMDA receptor and inhibits further excitatory activity from glutamate and therefore prevents excitotixicity and further neuronal damage in the brain that is characteristic of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. Memantine does not have this effect or mechanism of action on sites in the brain with no excitotoxicity.
730341595	1. Memantine (Namenda) is an uncompetitive antagonist of2. NMDA receptors located in hippocampus and prefrontal cortex of the brain.3. Normally, glutamate acts on NMDA receptors through Magnesium sites and causes excitatory neurotransmission.4. By acting as a NMDA Receptor antagonist, Memantine decreases glutamate activation of NMDA receptors and reduces the nephrotoxicity associated with excessive excitatory signalling. Though this mechanism, it treats Alzheimer&#39;s disease by reducing nephrotoxicity in the brain (especially in the hippocampus).
730015219	Memantine is a reversible and uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor. Normally, glutamate (an excitatory NT) binds to the NMDA receptor and allows neurons to fire. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease the excess glutamate binding causes neurotoxicity which leads to neuron death and the degeneration of memory. When memantine is administered, it works as an antagonist and decreases neurotoxicity which slows down the progression of Alzehimer&#39;s disease.
730305268	Memantine is an uncompetative antagonist of the NMDA channel Receptor located on CNS neurons. Normally NMDA is ionotropic Lingand gated ion channel that contains a magnesium ion that closes the channel. The channel is opened by stimulation of glutimate after there is membrane depolarization due to increased AMPA stimulation by glutimate which allows the Mg2+ ion to leave. The NMDA Channel Allows Na+ and Ca2+ to enter the cells increasing the depolarization of the cell increasing the likelyhood of an action potential. Increased stimulation of glutamate can cause an increased intracellular concentration of Ca2+ ions in the cell leading to neurotoxicity. Memantine binds the the Mg2+ site of the NDMA channel blocking glutimate only when there is overstimulation causes by increases in glutamate transmission. It does not effect the normal neurotransmission.
730305181	Memantine(amenda) acts as non reversible, non-competitive NMDA blocker. It is mostly found in the neurins of CNS. Normaly, NMDA is activated by glutamate to lead to neuronal excitation and stimulate the flow of CA2+ ions during chronic dipolarization. By blocking NMDA, Memantine prevents excitation and neuronal cell death associated with Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730300937	Memantine (Namenda) is a NMDA receptor antagonist. It is a reversible uncompetitive antagonist. Normally glutamate binds to the NMDA receptor to activate it which leads to increased calcium influx and depolarization so the neurons fires. Sometimes this receptor can become chronically depolarized which leads to excitotoxicity/ neurotoxicity. By antagonizing this receptor we stop depolarization, and excessive firing therefore we reduce excitotoxicity/neurotoxicity. Namenda only acts on the NMDA receptor when excessive firing is occuring and does not inhibit normal funcitoning of the receptor. This is how it is used to treat the symptoms of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730257887	Memantine is an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist of NMDA glutamatergic receptors located on CNS neurons primarily in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. Endogenous glutamate is the primary excitatory neurotransmmitter that binds to NMDA receptors which opens the ligand-gated ion channel to allow cations (primarily Na+ and Ca2+) to pass through and stimulate neuronal activity and normal cognitive function. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease, excitatory neurons are dysfunctional and NMDA receptors are overstimulated, leading to neurotoxicity and damage to neuronal cells which causes the cognitive decline seen in Alzheimer&#39;s. Memantine binds at the Mg2+ location of the NMDA receptor in an uncompetitive manner in either the presence or absence of receptor agonist in order to block excessive stimulation of the receptor but still allow normal conductance of cations through the channel, therefore allowing normal excitatory stimulation but preventing further neurotoxicic damage to CNS neurons of Alzheimer&#39;s patients.
730364945	Memantine is an uncompetitive reversible antagonist of the NMDA receptor found in the CNS, primarily in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. Normally, as a ligand gated ion channel, the NMDA receptor is activated by glutamate to pass Na+ and Ca2+ across the neuronal membrane contributing to neuronal exitation. With chronic Ca2+ influx, a cascade of membrane and cytoplasmic events occurs that can lead to neuronal excitotoxicity. As an antagonist of the NMDA receptor, memantine binds at the NMDA Mg+ site and acts to block excitation in cases of chronic Ca2+ influx, but does not affect normal levels of glutamate excitation at the NMDA receptor. By blocking this over excitation, memantine helps to prevent neuronal excitotoxicity and thereby prevent neuronal cell death that is associated with cognitive decline in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730301189	Memantine is an NMDA receptor antagonist for the treatment of Alzheimer&#39;s disease. Its target is the NMDA receptor. In normal physiology, NMDA in activated, activating neurontransmitters. In patients with Alzheimer&#39;s Disease, memantine is a competitive, reversible antagonist that blocks the cascade of reactions.
730364732	Memantine, or Namenda, is an NMDA receptor antagonist used in the treatment of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. Alzheimer&#39;s disease is characterized by a destruction of ACh neurons as well as glutamate excitatoxicity. Normally, glutamate will bind to the NMDA receptor and allow Na+ and Ca2+ passage through the ion channel, stimulating neurotransmission. Memantine binds allosterically to this NMDA ion channel at the Mg2+ site, blocking the ion channel and preventing passage of ions through the neuronal membrane. This blockage prevents excessive excitatory neurotransmission, but allows for normal excitatory transmission to occur. As excessive excitatory neurotransmission is inhibited, this is useful as an Alzheimer&#39;s disease medication to reduce symptoms related to glutamate excitotoxicity.
730302084	Memantine is an agonist of the NMDA receptor which is found in several regions of the brain including the hippocampus.
730012427	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor found on CNS neurons, especially in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basilus. Normally, glutamate activates the NMDA receptor, allowing Na+ and Ca2+ flow. Chronic Ca2+ flow and depolarization can lead to excitotoxicity. Memantine binds to the Mg2+ site of the NMDA receptor, blocking excessive neurotransmission but not affecting normal processes. By blocking excessive neurotransmission, memantine prevents the excitotoxicity and neuronal cell death associated with Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730008469	Memantine is an uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist and binds to the Mg++ site on the receptor. This receptor is expressed on post-synaptic neurons in the hippocampus. Normally, in excessive glutamate stimulation, this NMDA receptor is an ion channel and allows the influx of Ca++ into the neuron, but over a prolonged period this can become toxic to the neuron. Memantine uncompetitivly blockes the channel to prevent Ca++ influx under excessive glutamate stimulation. This helps to preserve the neurons by reducing excitotoxicity and reduce cognitive decline seen in Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730308977	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of NMDA type glutamate receptors in CNS neurons within the brain. In normal physiology, these NMDA receptors are excitatory and the influx of ions through this receptor allows for excitatory neurotransmission through glutamate signaling. The Mg+ binding site within the receptor allows for inhibition and modulation of neurotransmission and signaling. Memantine binds to the receptor at the Mg+ binding site and blocks the influx of ions, which prevents further depolarization and excitability of glutamate neurotransmission that contributes to excitotoxicity/neuronal damage associated with the cognitive decline symptoms of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730304975	Memantine (Namenda) is an uncompetitive, reversible inhibitor of NMDA receptor located on neurons in the prefrontal cortex and hippocampus. Memantine is used to treat the symptoms of memory loss and other cognitive issues as are characteristic of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. Hyperactivity of glutamate at the NMDA receptor (a ligand gated ion channel that allows the passage of potassium) which causes neural cytotoxicity is thought to be responsible for these symptoms. Memantine blocks the excessive activity of glutamate at NMDA receptors and thus prevents the cytotoxicity which causes memory loss.
730177416	Memantine is an uncompetitive inhibitor of the NMDA type glutamate receptor in the CNS, specifically the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex and nucleus basalis. The NMDA type glutamate receptor is a ligand gated ion channel that is open when bound by glutamate, an excitatory neurotransmitter. In the open form it allows for the influx of Ca2+ and Na+ resulting in neuronal depolarization and firing. One of the causes of the deterioration in mental status of patients with Alzheimer&#39;s is the excessive excitation of neurons in these regions leading to excess Ca2+ influx, overexcitation and neuronal degradation. Memantine binds to the Mg2+ site, rather than the orthosteric site, of the NMDA receptor allowing for normal glutamate signalling while preventing overexcitation and neuronal degradation.
730309632	Memantine (brand name Namenda) is indicated for the treatment of Alzheimer&#39;s Dementia. Memantine is an reversible uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. In Alzheimer&#39;s dementia, there is excess glutamate produced by the degeneration of neurons in the brain. In normal physiology, the NMDA receptor is a ligand-gated ion channel that works by binding to glutamate to allow calcium and potassium ions to flow into the cell leading to cellular depolarization. Memantine binds to the Mg2+ site on the NMDA receptor to block the signaling of EXCESS glutamate associated with Alzehimer&#39;s dementia, leading to cellular hyperpolarization and decreased signaling. Memantine does not have any effect on normal glutamate signaling and is only responsive in cases of excess glutamate production. By blocking excessive glutamate signaling, memantine works to attenuate the symptoms of memory loss assocaited with Alzheimer&#39;s dementia.
730163687	Memantine is an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist of the NMDA ionotropic receptor located on CNS neurons. Normally, Mg2+ is bound to the receptor, blocking the movement of Na+ and Ca2+ through the channel. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease, the NMDA receptor channel is open due to excessive excitatory glutamate stimulation, causing Ca2+ to continuously flow into the neuron, leading to neurotoxicity and cell death. As an uncompetitive antagonist, memantine binds to the Mg2+ binding site, preventing the flow of Ca2+ into the cell. This prevents the excitotoxicity that ultimately leads to cell death in Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730227103	Memantine is a uncompetative, reversible antagonist of the NMDA receptors in the CNS (mostly located in the hippocampus). In normal physiology Mg2+ is bound to the NMDA receptor closing the ion channel. When stimulated, glutamate binds to the ion channel, displacing Mg2+ to open the channel, and ions such as calcium flood into the cell causing depolarization and the propagation of an action potential. What causes alzheimers disease is an overstimulation of these NMDA receptors which leads to excitotoxicity of the neurons and can lead to cell death. Memantine, as an NMDA receptor antagonist, displaces the glutamate on these overstimulated NMDA receptors allowing the channel to close to stop the neuronal signals from propagating. It is uncompetative because the memantine will still let glutamate bind for normal signaling, but it displaces it to prevent overstimulation. Preventing this overstimulation, can prevent excitotoxicity of these neurons, in turn preventing cell death to stop the progression of alzheimers disease.
730308980	Memantine, brand name Namenda, is an uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor in the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex. Normally, the NMDA receptor is agonized by glutamate in order to stimulate calcium and sodium influx for depolarization. By blocking this receptor, NMDA cannot be agonized by glutamate, leading to inhibition of depolarization. Memantine is used to prevent glutamate excitotoxicity leading to acetylcholine depletion in Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730084405	memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor located on postsynaptic neurons of the hippocampus, neural basilis, and prefrontal cortex. Normally, Mg 2+ is bound to the receptor and this binding blocks(inhibits) the binding of glutamate, and thus prevents the opening of the channel that allows Ca and Na+ to propagate action potentials. In Alzheimers disease, it is believed that these NMDA receptors are overactive, and bind glutamate constantly, which leads to neuronal excitotoxicity, and cell death that can contribute to neurodegeneration. Memantine is an uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor, meaning that it binds to the Mg2+ binding site of the NMDA receptor. This binding inhibits the binding of glutamate (but glutamate can still bind, it&#39;s just more difficult for the glutamate to get past the memantine in the binding pocket), to decrease influx of Na+ and Ca+ and decrease excitoxicity. By decreasing the excitotoxicity, we decrease the neuronal cell death and thus slow the progression of Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730042911	Memantine is an uncompetitive antagonist of the glutamate NMDA receptor. The NMDA receptors are located on neurons in the CNS and the peripheral. In normal physiology, glutamate is an excitatory neurotransmitter. Thus when glutamate binds to the NMDA receptors, it opens the calcium ion channel and causes cell excitation. Memantine takes the place of Magnesium (a cofactor) in the channel. It activates when there is overexcitation and blocks the calcium channel as a result decreasing the amount of calcium in the neurons preventing excitoxicity. It does not have an antagonist effect with normal excitation.
730301145	Memantine is reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the NMDA subtype of the glutamate receptor located in the CNS. Normally, the NMDA receptor is bound by glutamate, but when a patient has Alzheimer&#39;s disease, excessive glutamate is released and binds the NMDA receptors to cause excitotoxicity of the neurons that contributes to neuronal cell toxicity and memory impairment. Memantine binds the NMDA receptor and prevents glutamate from binding to inhibit excitotoxicity of the neuronal cells and alleviate the symptoms associated with Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730043583	Memantine is an uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA recptor located on neurons in the CNS. The NMDA receptor is an ion channel that noramlly is bound and opened by glutamate, which then allows for sodium and calcium to flow into the neuron, which allows for the the neuron to be exictable. The NMDA receptor can be kept open by glutamate in AD when there is hyperexcitable conditions, and this causes for an increase in neuronal intracellular sodium and calcium, which causes excitotoxicity and neurotoxicity, and can cause neuronal cell death. Memantine binds to the Mg binding site on the NMDA receptor and prevents the flow of Na and Ca into the neuron. It only does so on neurons that are in an hyperecitable state, so it doesnt have an affect on normal neuronal impulses. By preventing the the flow of ions through the NMDA receptor on the neurons in the CNS, memantine reduces the excitotoxicty and neuron cell death that is characteristic of the pathophysiology of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730305983	Memantine is an uncompetitive, reversible... ...antagonist of NMDA receptors located in the prefrontal cortex, nucleus basalis, and hippocampus. In normal physiology, the ligand gated NMDA receptor is activated by glutamate, allowing the flow of sodium and calcium into the neuron, causing depolarization. In chronic depolarization of these neurons, the chronic presence of calcium causes neurotoxicity and neuron degeneration. Memantine is an uncompetitive, reversible antagonist of this NMDA receptor and binds in the receptors Mg binding site, blocking its activation by glutmate, preventing neuron depolarization. Memantine only blocks over excitatory situations and does not effect normal neurotransmitter release to prevent the degeneration of neurons associated with memory loss of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
720141645	Memantine is a reversible uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor. Normally, glutamate binds to the NMDA receptor, causing increased neuronal excitability. Memantine binds to the NMDA receptor and prevents this processes from occuring, thus decreasing the overexcitability of neurons associated with alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730011977	Memantine (Namenda) is a uncompetitive NMDA glutamate receptor antagonist. The drug&#39;s target receptor noramally causes an increase in calcium within neurons in the CNS to potentiate further action potentials in the brain, particularly in the hipocampus and amgydala, when it binds to glutamate. Moreover, the receptor has an Mg2+ pocket that can reduce the activity of the recptor; this is what memantine actually binds to. In AD, however, the NMDA receptors can become overactive and lead to excitotoxicity; that&#39;s when therapy is needed. Memantine binds to the Mg2+ binding pocket on NMDA recptors to help reduce the overactive recptors&#39; effect and lessen the excitotoxicity associated with AD that can lead to dementia and difficulty with activites of daily living.
730362445	Memantine is a uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor in the CNS, primarily located in the hypocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nucleus basalis. Under normal physiological conditions, the NMDA receptor is activated by glutamate allowing the passing of Na+ and Ca2+ that contribute to excitatory neurotransmission. In Alzheimer&#39;s disease, glutamate overstimulates the NMDA receptor, leading to increased depolarization and a constant increase in Ca2+ in the neurons that causes membrane, cytoplasmic, and nuclear events that lead to neurotoxicity. As an uncompetitive antagonist, memantine will bind to the Mg2+ binding site of the NMDA receptor. This prevents further Ca2+ from passing through the channel during times of overstimualtion and overexcitation without affecting normal neurotransmission. This will help to slow the memory and cognitive impairment seen in Alzheimer&#39;s disease that is due to this overstimulation of the NMDA receptor by glutamate.
730305984	Namenda (memantine) is a reversible uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor, a ligand-gated ion channel found most importantly on neurons in the hippocampus (and other regions of the brain where memory is a main function). In normal physiology, the NMDA receptor is bound by glutamate to allow for the influx of positively charged ions (Na+ and Ca2+), leading to depolarization and excitability of the neuron. In the pathophysiology of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease, overstimulation of the NMDA receptor occurs leading to excitotoxicity in neurons that yield free radicals and ultimately destroy the neurons. Namenda shows therapeutic utility in that it binds uncompetitively to the NMDA receptor at the Mg2+ site, to antagonize the physiology detailed above. It does so by causing the closure of said channel and disallowing the depolarization and free radical formation seen within the neuron in patients with Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730305023	Memantine is an uncompetitive reversible antagonist of NMDA receptor, which is a ligand-gated iontropic channel typed glutamate receptor loacted on CNS neurons meanly in the hippocampus. Normally, NMDA receptors are activated by glutamate to increase ion flow of Na+ and Ca2+, and depolarize the neurons to tranismit neuronal signals. However, the prolonged activation of Ca2+ will cause neurotoxicity in the cells, which is one of the mainn cause of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease. Memantine acts as an NMDA receptor antagonist that it binds on the Mg2+ site (neither allosteric nor orthosteric site) of the NMDA channel to prevent ion flow of Na+ and Ca2+, thereby terminating the signal of neurotransmitter and attenuating the neurotoxicity. Therefore, memantine can be used to treat memory loss and cognition impairment symptoms of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730335119	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA glutamate receptor in the hippocampus, prefrontal cortex, and nuclei basalis. Normally, glutamate binds NMDA to pass Na and Ca ions, which induces excitation of the neurons. By acting as an antagonist, memantine binds the glutamate-NMDA complex and prevents the passage of ions to decrease the neurotransmission processes that contributes Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
720520297	Memantine is a reversible uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA type glutamate receptor located in the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex. Normally, glutamate binds to the NMDA- receptor and allow Na+ and Ca+ to pass through generating excitatory neurotransmission. By binding to the Mg2+ binding site on the NMDA-receptor, memantine inhibits neuronal transmission only when there is excessive neurotransmission. Mematine does not act when there is normal transmission. By inibiting excessive neurotransmission, memantine is able to decrease neuronal firing and neuronal cell death associated with Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
730119872	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA-glutamate receptor located on neurons in the CNS. Normally, the NMDA receptor is bound by magnesium and in a closed conformation until a sufficient depolarization event is able to decrease the binding affinity of magnesium to the receptor, allowing glutamate to act as an agonist and allowing sodium and calcium ions to flow through the ligand-gated ion channel. Both magnesium and glutamate can be bound simultaneously at the receptor; however, once magnesium is bound, the ion channel is blocked. Excess glutamate activity at the receptor will lead to increased release of neutransmitters into the synaptic cleft and neurotoxicity from overstimulation of the neurons. Memantine binds to the magnesium-binding site of the NMDA-glutamate receptor to inhibit the effects of glutamate binding, preventing excessive neurotransmission in the CNS and excitotoxicity.
730305285	Memantine is a NMDA-R antagonist in the synaptic cleft. Normally, glutamate activation of NMDA-R allows ions such as Na+ to pass through an ion gated channel. By binding to the NMDA-R Mg2+ site, memantine blocks NMDA-R activity and aids in the treatment of Alzheimer&#39;s.
720507989	Memantine is a reversible, uncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor. The NMDA receptor is a ligand-gated ion channel located in the postsynaptic neurons in the hippocampus and nucleus basialis of the brain. The endogenous ligand of the receptor is glutamate, which activates the receptor to allow Na+ and Ca2+ into the cell. This causes depolarization and neuronal excitotoxicity which can lead to cell death. By acting as an antagonist of the NMDA receptor, memantine blocks the action of glutamate to decrease neurotoxicity associated with the cognitive defects of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease.
730308983	Memantine (Namenda) is a NMDA Receptor Antagonist, acting as an uncompetitive and reversible antagonist to the NMDA type of the glutamate receptor, found in excitatory syanpses, especially in the hippocampus, pre-frontal cortex and nucleus basilis. Overactive glutamate binding to the NMDA-R leads to depolariazation and therefore continual influx of Ca2++, creating prolonged neurotransmission and excitotoxicity. Memantine uncompetitively and reversibly binds to the Mg2++ binding site of the NMDA-R, decreasing the overactive neurotransmission, treating poor memory and cognition, symptoms seen in Alzheimer&#39;s patients.
