730336623	Metoprolol (Lopressor) is a selective beta-1 blocker. This antagonist targets the beta-1 receptors on myocardiocytes. Normally, norepinephrine or epinephrine binds to the Beta-1 receptors which causes the GPCR (Galpha-s) to stimulate increased cAMP which leads to increased heart rate and force of contraction. However, the drug bocks this which leads to decreased cAMP and calcium, which reduces the heart rate and force of contraction, thereby aiding in treating hypertension.
730009227	Metoprolol is an othersteric reversible selective beta-1 receptor antagonist. The target of metoprolol is beta-1 receptors on the smooth muscle cells of the heart. In normal physology, norephinphrine or epinephrine can bind to and activate the beta-1 receptor which is coupled to a G-alpha-s subunit.G-alpha-s increases levels of the second messenger cAMP, which in this case works to increase calcium levels and activate tropoin and myosin causing the smooth muscle of the heart to contract. Metroprolol prevents ligand binding to beta-1 receptors to decrease smooth muscle contractions and thus decrease heart rate. This decrease in heart rate helps to reduce the arterial pressure that is characterisitc of hypertension.
711510047	Metoprolol is a selective &#223;1 adrenergic receptor (&#223;1 AR) antagonist located on cardiomyocytes. In normal physiology, epinephrine is the endogenous ligand for &#223;1 AR which, upon binding, induces sympathetic action resulting in increased heart rate, increased stroke volume, and therefore increased cardiac output. By selectively blocking &#223;1 AR, metoprolol prevents sympathetic activation, thereby treating hypertension.
730301143	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric, antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptors located in cardiac smooth muscle cells. Normally, norepinephrine is the endogenous agonist of beta-1 ARs, signaling through G-alpha-s, activating Troponin C, and stimulating contraction of cardiac smooth muscles. As an antagonist, metoprolol blocks norepinephrine activation of beta-1 ARs, causing cardiac smooth muscle relaxation that leads to decreased heart rate and decreased stroke volume in the treatment of hypertension.
730008206	Metoprolol is a selective orthosteric reversible inhibitor of the beta-1-AR in cardiac smooth muscle. Normally, beta-1AR is bound by endogenous epinephrine and norepinephrine to stimulate the G-alpha-s pathway that increases cAMP production form ATP and activates troponin C leading to increased HR and BP in patients with hypertension. As a beta-blocker, metoprolol inhibits this pathway and decreases HR and BP.
720431068	Metoprolol is a Beta-1 blocker. It is a orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the beta-1 receptors located within the heart. Normally, beta-1 is activated by epinephrine or norepinephrine in the myocardium order to increase myocardial contraction, increasing heart rate and blood pressure. By acting as an antagonist, metoprolol blocks the activity in the myocardial cells, that will cause a decrease in myocardial contraction and decreasing the heart rate and blood pressure that is characteristic of hypertension.
730170143	Metoprolol is a selective reversible, orthosteric antagonist of beta-1 receptors in vacular smooth muscle cells and myocardiocytes. Normally epinephrine, secreted from the adrenal gland, binds to the beta-1 receptor. Beta-1 receptors signal via Gs to increase cAMP, increase calcium permeability, activate Troponin C which leads to smooth muscle contraction in the vasculature and increased heart rate. Metoprolol blocks the beta-1 adrenergic receptor activity to inhibit smooth muscle contraction and decrease heart rate and force of contraction of the heart. Metoprolol is used to treat hypertension.
730337615	Metroprolol is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of beta-1 receptors on cardiomyocytes. Normally, the beta-1 receptor is activated by norepinephrine to increase heart rate and the force of contraction which leads to an increase in cardiac output and blood pressure. Metoprolol blocks the binding of norephinephrine to the beta-1 receptor thereby causing a reducting in heart rate and contractility which leads to a deacrease in cardiac output and decreased blood pressure.
730046634	Metoprolol is a selective reversible orthosterive antagonist of beta 1 adrenergic receptors. It is found in cadiomyocytes and its endogenous ligand is noreepinephrine. Normally, NE will bind to the beta 1 receptor and and will cause troponin C to couple with actin and myosin in induce contraction upon depolarization. As a antagonist of this receptor, metoprolol will prevent the activation of beta 1 receptors and reduce chronotrpy and ionotropy which helps alleviate symptoms of hypertension.
720516197	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptor located on cardiomyocytes. Normally, NE is an endogenous agonist that binds to beta-1 adrenergic receptor to activate Gas, leading to cardiac muscle contraction that leads to increased heart rate. As a beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist, metoprolol blocks NE from binding to beta-1 adrenergic receptor and reduces cardiac muscle contraction, which then leads to reduced elevated HR and stroke volume to treat hypertension.
730010565	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric beta-1 AR agonist which acts on beta-1 receptors in the vascular smooth muscle cells. Normally, the beta-1 receptor is activated by the endogenous agonist, NE and acts through Galpha-q to cause muscle contraction in the vSMCs which increases heart rate. Therefore, blocking the action of NE on beta-1 AR&#39;s decreases heart rate which can be useful to treat for treatment of tachycardia, angina, and post-MI.
720391577	Metoprolol is a reversible orthosteric antagonists of beta-1 adrenergic receptors found in the caridomyocytes. In normal physiology, beta-1 adrenergic receptors, GPCRs cause a cascade of events due to being coupled to G-alpha-q which eventually leads to increased Ca2+ and activated troponin C to increase smooth mucsle contraction. Metoprolol blocks this activation of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor and without this cascade of events to stimulate smooth muscle contraction there is decreased smooth muscle contaction leading to decreased heart rate which helps treat hypertension.
730301183	metoprolol is a beta 1 orthostatic reversible antagonist that is found in cardiac SMC. It works by decreasnig heart rate and contractility by antagonizing g alpha s which would normally increase cAMP and ultimately incerase MLCK.
730306031	Metoprolol, also known as Lopressor or Toprol XL, is a Beta Blocker. Metoprolol is a selective orthosteric antagonist of the Beta 1 Receptor which is located on the myocardium. Beta 1 is an adrenergic receptor that is normally activated by norepinephrine. The Beta 1 receptor is a GPCR that is coupled to G alpha s. When activated, G alpha s stimulates cAMP production which increases MLCK and causes contraction of the myocardio cells. Metoprolol&#39;s primary indication is Hypertension. Metoprolol blocks activation of Beta 1 Receptors by NE which lowers contraction and increases dilation in the heart. This relaxation lowers blood pressure and effectively treats hypertension.
730336866	metoprolol (Lopressor, Toprol XL) is a selective reversible orthosteric antagonist of Beta-1 adrenergic receptors located on cardiomyocytes [also found on SMCs and EC]. Normally, Beta-1 ARs are activated by Epinephrine (and NE) [coupled to G-alpha-s - Adenylate cyclase - increase cAMP] resulting in an increase of the release of calcium from the SR which binds to Troponin C to enable the phosphorylation of myosin and activation of the actin-myosin complex that facilitates muscle contraction. Metoprolol functions by blocking the Beta-1 ARs on cardiomyocytes to prevent the binding of Epi (NE) and thus reducing the chronotropy and inotropy of cardiac muscle contraction for the treatment of hypertension.
720511985	Metoprolol is a Beta Blocker. It is a selective antagonist of the beta 1 recceptor on cardiomyocytes. The target is used for control of heart rate and contractility, using metoprolol decreases these rates.
720514156	Metoprolol (Brand name: Toprol XL) is a selective, reversible, orthosteric, Beta 1 Receptor antagonist (Beta 1 Blocker). The drug targets the Beta-1- Receptor on cardiac smooth muscle cells. In normal physiology, norepinephrine binds to the beta-1 receptor signaling downstream effects that cause vasoconstriction which increases blood pressure. Metoprolol functions to block the binding of norepinephrine to the beta-1 receptor which then prevents vasoconstriction and promotes coronary vascular vasodialation leading to decreased blood pressure.
730339317	Metoprolol is a reversible orthosteric inhibitor of the Beta-1-AR located on the cardiomyocytes. Normally, Beta-1-AR are bound by NE which signals via Gs to activate AC increasing cAMP levels which in turn activate PKA, thus increasing Ca permeability, this will activate Troponin C whose role is activate actin-myosin stimulating an increase in heart muscle contractions. As a result there is an increase in Heart Rate which is characterisitic for individiuals with hypertenstion or heart failure. Metoprolol as an antagonist prevents NE from binding to the Beta-1-AR receptor and therefore reduces heart muscle contractions, overall reducing Heart Rate.
730007672	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the Beta 1 Adrenergic receptor, typicaly found on vascular smooth muscle cells and cardiomyocytes. Under normal physiological conditions, the B1AR is actiated by epinephrine, leading to an increase in contractility of the heart and conduction of cardiac action potential, and an increase in heart rate and blood pressure. Metoprolol binds to the B1AR, blocking the action of epinephrine, thus reducing heart rate in order to treat arrhytmias and heart failure.
730010615	Metoprolol (Lopressor) is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta 1 adrenergic receptors (B1R) located on the cardiomyocytes of the heart. Normally, when these beta 1 receptors are bound by their endogenous ligand norepinephrine, the Gas coupled GPCR would become activated, activate AC, increase cAMP concentrations, and thus lead to activation of PKA. In cardiomyocytes, PKA then causes an increases in intracellular calcium by activating membrane calcium channels, which binds to troponin C which then activates actomyosin filaments and leads to contracion of the heart. Thus, norepinephrine binding to the beta 2 adrenergic receptor causes an increase in heart rate. When metoprolol binds to the B1 receptor, the binding of norepinephrine and the resulting muscle contraction is antagonized, as it competes for the same spot on the receptor. Thus, metoprolol prevents the activation of troponin C, and thereby decreases the rate of myocardial contraction (decreases the heart rate). Therefore, metoprolol is indicated for use in hypertension, as it slows the heart rate and thererfore decreases the cardiac output, thus decreasing blood pressure.
730308943	Metoprolol is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist. Metoprolol is a selective antagonist of the beta 1 adrenergic receptor located in cardiac muscle cells. Normally, the beta 1 receptor binds epinephrine which causes an increase of the heart rate and force of contraction via the G alpha s subunit. This can lead to an increase in blood pressure. When the beta 1 receptor is blocked by metoprolol, the heart rate and force of contraction are not increased which prevents hypertension.
730305075	Metoprolol is a selective orthosteric anatgonist for Beta-1 receptors on cardiomyocytes. Upon norepinephrine (or epinephrine) binding to the Beta-1 recptor, G alpha-s is activated resulting in activated troponin to eventually cause smooth muscle contraction. This contraction in the cardiac muscle increases contractility and heart rate. As an antagonist, metoprolol blocks NE and Epi from binding at beta-1 receptors, thereby reducing smooth muscle contraction causing a decrease in heart rate and contractility. This reduces blood pressure and is used as a treatment for controlling hypertension.
730344007	Metoprolol is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptor in cardiomyocytes which transduces NE sympathetic signal via Gs which activates AC to increase cAMP concentrations to activate PKA which activates Troponin C to induce contraction of cardiac smooth muscle via myosin activation. Metoprolol blocks the beta-1 adrenergic receptor to decrease heart muscle contractility and lower blood pressure.
730300292	Metoprolol is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of beta1 receptors in the cardiomyocytes. Normally, the beta1 receptors are activated by norepinephrine, which are secreted by sympathetic neurons, via Galpha-s pathway. It increases AMP, PKA, and increase Troponin C and actin-myosin contraction, which leads to the increase of heart rate and force of contraction. Metoprolol, as a beta1 receptor antagonist, blocks the beta1 activation by NE, and thereby reversing the elevated heart rate and decreasing stroke volume to treat hypertension.
730302081	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric and selective antagonist of beta 1 receptors normally found on cardiomyoctyes. Normally, the beta 1 receptors are activated by norepinephrine, which activates the G alpha-s protein to ultimately stimulate troponin C activity. Troponin C then increases heart rate, output volume, and force of contraction. As a selective beta 1 antagonist, metoprolol blocks norepinephrince from binding to the receptor thereby stifling troponin C activity to decrease heart rate, force of contraction and output volume. These effects will in turn help aleviate hypertension.
730336309	Metoprolol (Lopressor) is a beta bloker, or beta 1 receptor antagonist. This is a selective, competitive, orthosteric antagonist of the B1AR on smooth mucle cells, specifically cardiomycotes. In normal physiology, epinephrine binds to the B1AR, a Galphas GPCR, which activates Troponin C and ultiamtely leads to vasoconstriction and an increase in heart rate and contractility. With the treatment of metoprolol, the B1AR is blocked, and there is a decrease in heart rate, blood pressure, and contractility. Metoprolol can treat symptoms of hypertension and angina associated with cardiovascular disorders.
730203946	Metoprolol is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptors located on the SMCs found in cardiac tissue and other endothelial cells. Normally, norepinephrine binds to the beta-1 AR, activating Gas to increase [cAMP] via adenylate cyclase, which results in increased intracellular calcium, which can then activate troponin C to stimulate muscle contraction in the cardiomyoctes. By blocking the activity at the beta-1 AR, metoprolol slows down the muscle contraction of the heart, leading to reduced heart rate, resulting in reduced cardiac output, thereby resolving hypertension.
730092448	Metoprolol is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the alpha 1 AR which is located in vascular smooth muscle cells. Alpha 1 AR is usually stimulated by norepinephrine which the adrenergic receptor is coupled to Gq and when the receptor is activated, this leads to downstream signaling of increased IP3 and DAG, which allows increased intracellular calcium and the formation of the calcium-calmodulin complex, then activation of MLCK which causes contraction is vascular smooth muscle cells allowing vasoconstriction and increased blood pressure. Metoprolol blocks NE from binding to the Alpha 1 AR, which prevents downstream signaling to activate the MLCK, also preventing vascular smooth muscle cell contraction and this treats symptoms of hypertension by allowing vasodilation and decrease in blood pressure.
730337192	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric, selective beta-1 AR antagonist. The drug target is beta-1 AR located at mycardio cells in the heart. Normally, beta-1 AR will be activated by NE, causing vasoconstriction and smooth muscle cell contraction and there by increasing blood pressure. As a beta-1 AR antagonist, metoprolol blocks the activation of the receptor and thereby reducing the vasoconstriction and treat hypoert
730300464	Metoprolol is an orthosteric, reversible, selective antagonist of beta-1 receptors found on cardiomyocytes. In normal physiology, beta-1 receptors are controlled via sympathetic activity. The endogenous ligand, epinephrine (or norepinephrine) binds beta-1 receptors leading to an increase in heart rate and an increase in the force of heart muscle contraction. Metoprolol may be prescribed for hypertension management, and by blocking the action of epinephrine at beta-1 receptors it causes a decrease in heart rate and contractility. These effects in turn also lead to a decrease in a patient&#39;s blood pressure.
730300715	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptors. The Beta-1 AR is located on cardiac myocytes and in normal physiology signals (when epi/NE bind) through Gaq --&gt; IP3 and DAG increase --&gt; Ca+2 levels increase --&gt; troponin C --&gt; actin/myosin crosslinking --&gt; increased heart rate and contractility. This increase in HR leads to a corresponding increase in cardiac output, leading to hypertension. Metoprolol blocks this activity, leading to a decrease in heart rate for the treatment of hypertension.
730008212	N/A
730305176	Metoprolol (Lopressor) is a selective, competitive, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptors in cardiac muscle cells. Normally, this receptor is activated by epinephrine or norepinephrine and signals through intracellular signals to activate MLCK and cause sympathetic effects such as increased heart rate and blood pressure. By blocking this receptor, metoprolol helps to lower increased heart rate and blood pressure that are characteristic of hypertension and other cardiovascular disease states.
730308947	Metoprolol is a selective, orthosteric antagonist of beta1 adrenergic receptors. The location of these beta-1 adrenergic receptors are in cardiac muscle cells. Normally, norepinephrine binds to the beta-1 receptors of the heart, which causes an increase in contractility and stroke volume through the activation of troponin C (which results in muscle contraction). As an antagonist of this receptor, metoprolol blocks the action of norepinephrine at this site which reduces contractility and stroke volume. As a result, blood pressure is reduced, which is why metoprolol is used as a antihypertensive agent.
730305017	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric beta-1 adrenergeic receptor (AR) blocker. It targets the beta-1 ARs in vascular smooth muscle cells. Normally, beta-1 ARs are activated by epinephrine and signal through Gs to increase PKA activity on MLCK and cause vascular smooth muscle contraction. Metoprolol inhibits activation of beta-1 ARs by epinephrine thereby reducing vascular smooth muscle cell contraction and blood pressure.
730332858	Metoprolol is a selective reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the b1 adrenergic receptor. B1 receptors are located in the heart and are controlled by the sympathetic nervous system. Normally epinephrine will bind and through Gs signaling increase levels of cAMP leading to increased contraction. As an anti-hypertensive, metoprolol selectively blocks the b1 receptor and heart rate is decreased leading to decreased cardiac output and blood pressure through the arteries.
730335667	Metoprolol is a beta-blocker that inhibits the actions that typically occur at the beta-1 receptor on cardiac muscle cells. In normal physiology, the beta-1 receptor is activated and the g alpha s subunit stimulates MLCK which leads to an increase in myosin and leads to contraction or vascoconstriction at the cardiac muscle cells. By reducing vasoconstriction and thus increasing vasodilation, we can help ease angina and lower blood pressure associated with hypertension.
730000106	Metoprolol is a Beta-1 selective, beta blocker. It is an orthosteric, reversible, antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor located on cardiomyocites. In normal physiology, epinepherine or norepinephrine, as a result of sympathetic nervous system activation, bind the beta-2 AR (a GPCR, Galpha-s coupled receptor) located on cardiomyocytes. The binding of epinephrine or NE leads to an increase in adenylate cyclase (AC) activity, increase in CAMP, and activation of PKA. This activation results in an increase in calcium ions in the cell and the activation of Troponin C. Such cellular changes result in an increase in heart rate and an increase in cardiomyocyte contractiliy. Therefore, when metoprolol binds and blocks the beta-2AR preventing the binding of epinephrine or norepinephrine, the beta-2 AR receptor does not signal as frequently which leads to a decrease in heart rate and cardiomyocyte contractility. This decrease in heart rate affectively treats hypertension.
720543380	Metoprolol (lopressor) is a beta-1 slective antagonist that works in Beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the cardiomyocytes and are indicated for hypertension. Normally, Beta-1 receptors are stimulated by NE and are G proteins that are coupled to G alpha S. When stimulated, they cause an avtivation of adenlyad cyclase (AC), increase in cAMP, and activation of Protein kinase A. This leads to the activation of troponin C which stimulated actin-myosin to induce contraction of the heart muscle and increase heart rate which will increase stroke volume and raise blood pressure. Metoprolol can selectivly antagonize beta-1 receptors, thus slowing down the heart rate and lowering the stroke volume, which can reduce the effects of hypertension.
720498432	metoprolol is a selective reversible orthosteric antagonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptors located on cardiomyocytes. Normally, norepinephrine serves as the endogenous agonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptors which signal through the Gas pathway to activate PKA. This leads to activation of troponin C and myosin to increase heart rate and force of contraction. As an antagonist, metoprolol blocks the activation of beta-1 adrenergic receptors thus preventing the increase in heart rate associated which leads to hypertension.
730305293	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric Beta-1 receptor antagonist (Blocker). Its target is the Beta-1 receptor which is a GPCR G-alpha-s and can be found mainly on the heart. Normally Beta-1 receptors are stimulated by norepinephrine (NE) to induce the G-alpha-s cascade in which there is an overall increase in calicum within the cell. This then activates Troponin C which activates myosin and actin to make the heart contract. This can increase both heart rate and force of contraction. By blocking the activity of (NE), Beta-1 Blockers cause a decrease in both myosin and actin activation which leads to an overall decrease in heart rate and contractability. This is useful for treating patients with Hypertension.
730011523	Metoprolol is a selective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist found on cardiomyocytes in the heart. Normally beta-1 AR bind to epinephrine, or norepinephrine to a lesser extent, to cause contraction of the heart. When Epi binds this triggers an influx of calcium ions, by binding Gs, to enter the cardiomyocyte and depolarize the cell. These Ca2+ ions bind calmodulin which activates troponin C which in turn activates actin-myosin complex to contract. By blocking these receptors metoprolol decreases the heart rate and output volume. Decreasing these two factors leads to a lower blood pressure in patients with hypertension.
730335668	Metoprolol is a antagonist of the beta 2 adrenergic receptor located on cardiomyoctes. Normally, this receptor is bound by norepinephrine, which stimulates an increase in cAMP within the cell that leads to activation of troponin c and therefore actin-myosin activity. This, in normal physiology, increases the contractility and stroke volume of the heart. When metoprolol is taken to treat hypertension, blockage of this receptor results in less actin-myosin activity, thus reducing the contractility and stroke volume. The result is lower blood pressure and thus reduced symptoms of hypertension.
730003873	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta-2 adrenergic receptor (a GPCR) located in the cardiomyocytes. In normal physiology, the receptor is activated by NE to induce dissociation of the Galphas subunit. Downstream effects of receptor activation result in contraction of the cardiomyocytes leading to increased heart rate and stroke volume. By antagonizing this receptor, metoprolol leads to decreased heart rate, which can help to treat heart failure (HFrEF).
730338780	Metoprolol is a reverisible, orthosteric, beta-1 antagonist to G(alpha)s receptors found in the CNS. In normal physiology, the a G(alpha)s receptor binds norepinephrine which causes an increase in cAMP eventually leading to sympathetic activation of the CNS, which increases blood pressure. By blocking this receptor, we decrease the sympathetic response from the CNS and can decrease blood pressure in the patient.
730309028	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor located on smooth muscle cells, particularly cardiac muscle cells. Normally, B-1 AR is activated by norepinephrine (or epinephrine) and binds to G-alpha q to stimulate increased intracellular Ca2+, activation of MLCK, which leads to activation of Troponin C and myosin, which stimulates smooth muscle contraction. By blocking B-1 AR, metoprolol results in smooth muscle relaxation and vasodilation, which is beneficial for the treatment of hypertension.
730337566	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor, which is located in the cardiac myocytes of the heart. In normal physiology, norepinephrine binds to the beta-1 adrenergic receptor and activates the G&amp;alpha;s complex to increase levels of cAMP to allow for higher calcium ion permeability, activating actin-myosin to contract the heart muscle; in disease states, this contraction may be too much and may need to be reduced. Metoprolol blocks and antagonizes the beta-1 receptor from being activated, decreasing cAMP concentrations, thus reducing calcium ion permeability and decreasing heart rate to indirectly lower blood pressure to treat hypertension.
730305078	Metoprolol (Lopressor) is a selective, orthosteric, reversible antagonist of beta 1 adrenergic receptors on cardiac myocytes. Normally, the beta 1 adrenergic receptor is bound by epinephrine (or norepinephrine) to then activate Galpha-s. This leads to activation of adenylate cyclase, increased production of cAMP, and activation of PKA. Downstream effects of PKA activation include activation of troponin C which then binds and activates the actin-myosin complex leading to increased heart muscle contraction. As an antagonist of the beta 1 adrenergic receptor, metoprolol blocks epinephrine activity to reduce increased heart rate and output associated with hypertension.
730341594	Metoprolol (or Toprol XL) is an orthosteric, reversible beta blocker that is selective for beta-1 adrenergic receptors specifically. Beta-1 adrenergic receptors are located on the heart (or myocardium). The receptor is a G-protein coupled receptor associated with G-alpha-q protein. In normal physiology, the target is activated by norepinephrine to stimulate an increase in heart rate and force of contraction when the sympathetic nervous system is activated. Moreover, activation of G-alpha-q protein ultimately activates Troponin C, which goes on to activate actin-myosin. This series of events stimulates the heart muscle to contract. Blocking the beta-1 adrenergic receptor would prevent norepinephrine from increasing heart rate and force of contraction. In other words, metoprolol would cause a decrease in heart rate and force of contraction. As a result, this would reduce pressure in blood vessels and treat hypertension.
720433193	The brand names of the generic, metoprolol, is Lopressor (for metoprolol tartrate) or Toprol XL (for metoprolol succinate). It is selective for the beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist (orthosteric, reversible), working on the cardiomyocytes. Typcially epinephrine (major) and norepinephrine (minor) binds onto the beta-1 adrenergic receptor to stimulate the G-alpha s cascading pathway in which the G-alpha s interacts with GTP to activate adenylyl cyclase which helps to form ATP to cAMP. With the increase of cAMP, this activates PKA which later increases the Ca2+ permeability. Then this increases the troponin C, which then increases myosin-actin and then results in increase in heart rate and contractions. By metoprolol binding to this receptor, it has an antagonizing effect which prevents the stimulation of the G-alpha s pathway and helps to decrease the heart rate and cardiac volume output. It ha
730005239	Metoprolol (Brand name: Lopressor; Toprol XL) is an orthosteric, reversible, beta blocker (antagonist), selective for the Beta-1 adrenergic receptor. The drug&#39;s target is the Beta-1 adrenergic receptor which is lcoated in the smooth muscle cells of the heart (myocardial cells). The Beta 1 AR is a GPCR partnered with Gs. Normally, the Beta 1 AR is activated by NE, which causes an increase in cAMP and leads to the activation of MLCK, which leads to increases heart rate and contractility treats a
730014075	Metoprolol is a beta-1 selective beta blocker of the beta-1 adrenergic receptors located on the myocardium and vasculature. B1AR&#39;s role in normal physiology is to bind epinephrine which increases calcium permeability and results in contraction of the heart and constriction of the vessels. Metoprolol acts as a reversible antagonist of these receptors and decreases contraction of the heart and vessels, slowing the heart rate and reducing blood pressure effectively treating hypertension.
730009068	Metoprolol (brand names Lopressor and Toprol XL) is a selective, othosteric, reversible antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor (B1AR). B1AR is a GPCR normally found in cardiomyocytes. B1AR normally signals via G-alpha-s when bound by norepinephrine to increase adenylyl cyclase, cAMP, PKA, and thus increases smooth muscle cell contraction. Metoprolol blocks the binding of NE to B1AR, which decreases heart rate and stroke volume, reducing heart contractility related to hypertension, angina, and acute MI.
730081905	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta-1 AR , which is a GPCR, located on cardiomyocytes. Normally, beta-1 ARs are activated by epinephrine to signal through Gas and cause increased heart rate, stroke volume, and output. By acting as an antagonist, metoprolol blocks beta-1 ARs from becoming activated and results in decreased heart rate, stroke volume, and output for the treatment of hypertension.
730012332	Metoprolol is a selective orthosteric reversible antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor on cardiomyocytes. Beta-1 adrenergic receptors in normal physiology is through a GPCR it is coupled to Galphas, this leads to activation of adenylate cyclase, which then activates cAMP which leads to protein kinase A activation.Calcium is released by phosphorylation of the sarcoplasmic reticulum, this increase in calcium activates tropinin C which is unique to cardiomyocytes. Tropinin C activates the actomyosin contraction which leads to smooth muscle contraction. In order for metoprolol to be necessary a patient must be exhibiting hypertension, blockage of beta-1 adrenergic receptors will decrease the heart rate and lead to decrease blood pressure.
730351906	The brand name for metoprolol tartrate is Lopressor and the brand name for metoprolol succinate is Toprol XL. The pharmacologic role is a selective, orthosteric antagonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptor (AR) located on cardiomyocytes. Normally, norepinephrine (NE), the endogenous agonist of beta-1 AR, binds beta-1 AR which signals through Gas and activates adenylate cyclase which increases [cAMP] which activates protein kinase A which increases intracellular Ca2+ which activates Troponin C that activates actin-myosin causing an increase in smooth muscle contraction that casues an increase in heart rate and force of contraction. As an antagonist, metoprolol binds to beta-1 AR thereby blocking NE effects and causing a decrease in the elevated heart rate and stroke volume that contribute to hypertension.
730012793	Metoprolol is a selective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist that binds orthosterically and reversibly to the beta-1 adrenergic receptors located in cardiomyocytes. Normally, epinephrine or norepinephrine binds to the beta-1 adrenergic receptor and activates G-alpha-s which increases intracellular cAMP levels. This in turn causes an increase in calcium and troponin C that activates actin-myosin contraction, leading to an increase in heart rate and contractility. Selective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist bind to the beta-1 adrenergic receptors and prevent G-alpha-s from being activated. This causes a decrease in heart rate and a decrease in contractility. The decrease in contractility ultimately leads to a reduction in cardiac output as well as relaxation that will benefit individiuals with hypertension.
720501213	(1) Metoprolol is a reversible antagonist which is highly selective to beta-1 Adrenergic recptors. (2) Metoprolol binds to beta-1 Adrenergic recptors orthosterically. Beta-1 Adrenergic recptors are located on cardiomyocytes. (3) Metoprolol angtagonizes the beta-1Adrenergic receptor, which is a G-alpha-s receptor, thus inhibiting its downstream Signaling pathway, which initally turns on cAMP in normal physiology and activation of PKA leading to cardiac muscle contraction. Overall, metoprolol action on the Beta-1 receptor is to anatgonize the recptor, stopping its ability to turn on the cAMP pathway, thus decreasing cardiac muscle contraction and promoting cardiac muscle relaxation. Metoprolol is a great drug to treat patients who are suffering from Arrhythmia because it slows down their heart rate by promoting cardiac muscle relaxation.
730339832	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric, selective antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor located primarily on cardiac myocytes. Under control of normal physiology, myocardial tissue is innervated by the sympathetic, adrenergic neurons and norepinephrine release stimulates the beta-1 AR to induce Gs activation, a rise in intracellular [cAMP], and PKA activation leading to upregulated activity of Troponin C responsible for increased contractility and heart rate. Upon binding to the beta-1 AR, metoprolol decreases the strength of sympathetic input to the heart through this pathway resulting in decreased heart rate and stroke volume. These two physiological outcomes will reduce systemic blood pressure that is elevated during hypertension.
730300837	Metoprolol is a selective, orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptors located on cardiomyocytes. In normal physiology, beta-1 adrenergic receptors on cardiomyocytes respond to norepinephrine and epinephrine. Activation of these GPCRs coupled to Gs results in activation of adenylyl cyclase, increased cAMP, activation of PKA, and activation of troponin C, which is specific to cardiomyocytes and activates the actin-myosin complex to result in contraction of the cardiomyocytes. The result of this cascade is increased heart rate and stroke volume. By blocking norepinephrine and epinephrine from binding the beta-1 adrenergic receptor, metoprolol decreases heart rate and stroke volume, which contribute to the increased blood pressure characteristic of hypertension.
730169512	metoprolol is beta 1 adrenergic receptor selective and reversible antagonist. Beta 1 receptor adrenergic receptor is found on the myocardial cells. Beta 1 receptors are GCRPs, so they are activated once the ligand binds to the them. Usually, the beta 1 adrenergic receptors are activated by NE or EPI. When this receptor is activated by NE or EPI that leads to an increase in MLCK, which increases Troponin C (uniquely found in the heart), which then activates myosin-actin, and leads to increase in automaticity and contraction of the muscle of the heart, which leads to increase in blood pressure and heart rate, and could eventually lead to hypertension. metoprolol antagonizes the actions of NE and EPI (blocks them from activating the Beta 1 adrenergic receptor) on the myocardical cells, which leads to a decrease in blood pressure, vascualr resistance, and heart rate, and ultimately leads to a better management of hypertension.
730004785	Metoprolol (Lopressor) is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta 1 adrenergic receptor located on cardiomyocytes. Normally, NE binds to the beta 1 AR and is coupled with G alpha S which leads to contraction of SMC. When metoprolol blocks this binding, contractility is decreased which leads to a decreased heart rate which is why metoprolol is indicated in the treatment of hypertension.
730338642	Metoprolol, or Lopressor, is a reversible, orthosteric, selective antagonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptors located on cardiomyocytes. Normally, these receptors act to signal (via GPCR signaling) the G alpha S subunit to activate norepinephrine to in turn increase adenyl cyclase, cAMP, and intracellular calcium levels. This results in the activation of the MLCK thereby causing contraction of smooth muscle and increased heart rate/sympathetic activity. By antagonizing this pathway, the drug agent metoprolol is used to treat hypertension in that there is reduced contractily, stroke volume, and vasodilation, thus resulting in decreased blood pressure.
730305018	Metoprolol (metoprol tartrate is Lopressor and metoprolol succinate is Toprol XL) is a selective, orthosteric, reversible beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist. The receptors are GPCR&#39;s bound to Gs and are found mainly in cardiomyocytes. Norepinephrine and epinephrine are the endogenous ligands and binding causes increase in cAMP which activates troponin C which ultimately leads to smooth muscle cell contraction. Inhibiting the receptor with metoprolol therefore decreases heart rate to treat hypertension.
730308957	Metoprolol is a orthosteric, competitive antagonist of beta-1 AR, located in cardiomyocytes. Normally, EPI binds to beta-1 AR to signal through Gas, which controls the automaticity and contractility of the heart. By blocking beta-1 AR, metoprolol decreases the contractility and conduction of the heart, resulting in a decreased heart rate, stroke volume, and cardiac output. This can lower blood pressure systemically because of the decrease in cardiac output.
730300665	Metoprolol is the API in Lopressor. Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the mAChR. It binds to receptors on smooth muscle cells in myocardial muscle to block vasoconstriction and cause vasodilation. The target&#39;s normal physiology is to cause constriction (or contraction) of the SMCs in myocardial muscle by using the Gq subunit which causes calcium to flow into the cell, ultimately stimulating contraction. This increases blood pressure and results in hypertension. The binding of Metoprolol to the receptor results in vasodilation which decreases vascular resistance, blood pressure, and symptoms associated with hypertension.
730090428	Metoprolol (Toprol XL) is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor in the vascular endothelial cells. In normal physiology, norepinephrine binds to the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor and causes vasoconstriction of the vasculature. Metoprolol binds to the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor to block norepinephrine&#39;s action to result in vasodilation and reduced blood pressure.
730356527	Metoprolol (brand name Lopressor or Toprol XL) is an orthosteric antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor, which is usually found in the vascular smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells. In normal physiology, epinephrine binds to the beta-1 AR which is a GPCR that uses G-alpha-s as the second messenger. G-alpha-s increases intracellular cAMP which stimulates MLCK to increase permiability to Ca2+. This stimulates myosin and causes smooth muscle contraction. Metoprolol inhibis this action which will lead to a decrease in blood pressure and systemic vascular resistance.
730013843	Metoprolol is a reversible orthosteric antagonist. The drug target is the beta 1 adrenergic receptor located on cardiac myocytes. In normal physiology, norepinphrine binds to the beta 1 adrenergic receptor and via signaling through Galpha s, activates adenylate cyclase, which increases cAMP, and leads to the activation of Troponin C, which increases force of contraction and heart rate in the heart muscle cells. By acting as an antagonist, metoprolol blocks that activation of the beta 1 adrenergic receptor by norepinephrine, resulting in reduced force of contraction and heart rate in the heart muscle cells.
730094799	Metoprolol is a reversible, othosteric antagonist selective for B-1 adrenergic recepters on cardiomyocytes. Normally, B-1 receptor is bound by norepinephrine which activates the Gs coupled GPCR to increase cAMP, promote sequesteriztion of calcium, activate Troponin C, activate myosin-actin, and stimulate contraction of the cardiomyocytes to increase heart rate and contractility. As a B-1 antagonist, metoprolol blocks activation of the receptor, slowing heart rate and the force of contraction to lower high blood pressure in hypertensive individuals.
730340514	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta 1 adrenergic receptor (b1AR) on cardiac myocytes. Normally, NE or Epi bind to and activate the b1AR, which signals through Gas to increase intracellular cAMP and activate PKA, leading to the activation of troponin C, which activates myosin and causes muscle contraction of cardiac myocyte. As a selective b1AR antagonist, metoprolol prevents the activation of the b1AR by Epi/NE, thus decreasing sympathic stimulation of the cardiomyocytes (as well as SA and AV node), resulting in decreased heart rate and contractility to decrease overall cardiac output and reduce blood pressure in the treatment of hypertension.
730004256	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the Beta-1 Adrenergic Receptor located on the cardiomyocytes. Normally, norepinephrine or epinehprine bind to the Beta-1 AR and activate Gs to signal for secondary messengers AC and cAMP. This increaes calcium permeability and activates Troponin C to activate myosin and actin interactions resulting in smooth muscle cell contraction. This results in an increase in heart rate and force of contraction from the heart muscle. Metoprolol binds and prevents the binding of norepinephrine or epinephrine preventing the activation of the Beta-1 AR; therefore, resulting in a decrease in the force of contraction of the heart muscle as well as output volume. The results, such as decreased heart rate and decreased output volume, are beneficial in treating hypertension.
720158983	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptors on cardiomyocytes. Typically, when norepinephrine binds to beta-1 ARs, the G-alpha-q subunit is activated, leading to an increase in intracellular calcium and production of IP3. In turn, myosin light chain kinase is activated to activate myosin and cause muscle contraction. By blocking the activity of norepinephrine, metoprolol decreases heart rate, which leads to an overall reduction of blood pressure for patients with hypertension.
730364730	Metoprolol is a beta-1 receptor antagonist that binds reversibly to the orthosteric site of beta-1 receptor. Beta-1 receptors are usually found on cardiac muscle cells. Normally, norepinephrine will bind the beta-1R and will activate the G-alpha s pathway. This leads to an increase in cAMP and eventually activated Troponin C, which will activate MLCK. When MLCK is activated, it will cause smooth muscle contraction. By using a beta-1R antagonist, it will block NE and will cause muscle relaxation, therefore decreasing blood pressure and treating patietns with hypertension.
730338011	Metoprolol (Lopressor) is a selective, orthosteric, reversible beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist that is prescribed for the treatment of hypertension. Beta-1 receptors are GPCRs with G-alpha s subunits that are located on cardiomyocytes. In normal physiology, the sympathetic nervous system releases epinephrine and norepinephrine, which bind to the beta-1 receptor and leads to an increase in cAMP levels, which in turn activates Troponin C and initiates actin-myosin activity, causing an increased heart rate and increased stroke volume. Beta blockers prevent epinephrine and norepinephrine binding to beta-1 receptors, thereby decreasing heart rate and stroke volume, which leads to decreased blood pressure.
730364567	Metoprolol is an orthosteric and reversible Beta 1 Blocker. It binds to the Beta 1 Adrenergic Receptor in the heart and inhibits its action. Normally, the when activated, the Beta 1 Adrenergic Receptor will signal to the Gq protein coupled to it, which results in the activation of PLC, which results in the release of IP3 and DAG, which both increase intracellular Calcium concentration, which leads to the binding of calcium to calmodulin, which results in the activation of MLCK, which stimulates the myosin light chains and results in the contraction of the heart and increased output volume and heart rate. Metoprolol is commonly used in people with arrythmias. The inhibition of the Beta 1 receptor would result in less contractions of the heart, which would slow down heart rate and decrease output volume.
730301186	Metoprolol is a beta 1 selective beta blocker. It inhibits the beta 1 adrenergic receptor in cardiac smooth muscle. Normally, the beta 1 receptor is activated by epinephrine, this activates the G alpha q protein to increase IP3 and DAG concentrations which increase calcium that binds to calmodulin. The calcium and calmodulin complex activates MLCK which activates myosin and causes smooth muscle contraction. Blocking this activity with metoprolol inhibits smooth muscle contraction of the heart to decrease heart rate, which decreases cardiac output and helps treat hypertension.
730345314	Metoprolol also known by the brand name Lopressor is a orthosteric reversible beta-1-blocker. Beta-1- receptors are found in caridomyocytes and normally it would be activated by norepinephrine. The beta-1 blocker receptors are coupled with a G-alpha-s protein that would lead to the activation of MLCK that leads to increased heart contractility. When the beta-1-receptor is blocked or antagonized it reduces heart contractililty and heart rate that leads to the symptoms of hypertension.
730306008	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of Beta-1 Adrenergic Receptor. Beta-1 AR is located in cardiomyocytes. Normally, NE binds to Beta-1 AR to activate its Gas complex. This increases the concentration of cAMP which activates PKA. The leads to increased intracellular Ca2+ concentration which activates Troponin C. This leads to activation of actin-myosin and increases the heart rate and contractility of the heart. As an antagonist, metoprolol inhibits the binding of NE to the receptor which causes decreased heart rate and contractility of the heart to reduce symptoms of hypertension.
730170040	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric, antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptors located primarily in the cardiomyocytes. The beta-1 adrenergic receptors are normally stimulated by (primarily) epinephrine (and also norepinephrine) to increase chronotropy and inotropy of the heart muscle. By blocking this effect, metoprolol will decrease the force of contractility and the heart rate to primarily treat angina, and also works as a second-line treatment for hypertension.
730335117	Metorpolol is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of beta 1 adrenergic receptor which locates in cardiomyocytes. Normally NE binds to it, activates Gs, increases cAMP and Ca permeability, activates troponin C, activates actin-myocin to increase muscle contraction and heart rate. As an antagonist, Metoprolol inhibits NE activity on the receptor, and thus reduces heart rate.
730075914	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta-1 receptor found primarly on cardiomyocytes. Normally the beta receptors (GPCRs) are stimulated by NE and signal via Galpha-s to increase cAMP that ultimately results in vasoconstriction. By blocking the beta-1 receptors, metoprolol stimulates vasodilation which helps to lower the high blood pressure associated with hypertension.
730300294	Metoprolol, also known as Lopressor or Toprol XL, is a selective reversible orthosteric antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptors that are mainly located on cardiomyocytes and also vascular smooth muscle. Normally, epinephrine binds to the beta-1 adrenergic receptors and activates a cascade through Gs. Gs increases levels of cAMP leading to muscle contraction which increases blood pressure. When metoprolol binds, it blocks this cascade leading to decreased vascular resistance and a decreased blood pressure.
730296888	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptors located on cardiomyocytes. Normally, norepinephrine binds and activates B1 ARs coupled to Gas, increasing cAMP, which ultimately results in the activation of troponin C and actin-myosin inducing contractility of the heart. As a B1 AR antagonist, metoprolol blocks NE binding, thereby decreasing heart rate, stroke volume, and output that contributes to hypertension.
730222792	Metoprolol is a beta 1 receptor antagonist which binds to beta 1 adrenergic cells located on cardiac muscles cells.Normally norephrine the endogenous ligand binds to Beta 1 adrenergic receptors located in cardiac tissue, activates G alpha s to stimulate cAMP to induce the uptake of ca2+ ions which in-turns activate camodulin to induce MLCK activation by toponin c, which induces cardiac muscle contraction to increase heart rate and stroke volume/cardiac output. When metoprolol binds its inhibits B1 receptors thus lowering heart rate and stroke volume output.
730014819	Metoprolol is a selective beta-1 receptor blocker. The beta-1 receptor is a GPCR coupled to Gs and is found in cardiomyocytes. Normally upon activation by epinephrine/norepinephrine, the beta-1 receptor causes an increase in adenylate cyclase, cAMP and PKA that increases calcium permeability resulting in calcium binding to calmodulin, activation of troponin C to active actin-myosin and cause cardiac muscle contraction. By blocking beta-1 activation, metoprolol reduces cardiac muscle contraction to decrease heart rate and cardiac output in the treament of hypertension.
730000406	Metroprolol is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the beta 1 receptors located on the cardiac muscle cells of the heart. Normally, NE binds to this receptor and signals through Gas to stimulate MLCK, increase intracellular calcium, and cause muscle contraction and vasoconstriction. As an antagonist, metroprolol prevents NE from binding to the beta 1 receptors of the heart and thus, prevents this pathway from being stimulated. This leads to vasodilation effects that are associated with decreased blood pressure.
730336626	Metoprolol (Lopressor) is a selective reversible orthorosteric antagonist of the Beta-1 adrenergic receptor (B-1AR). The target of this drug is the smooth muscle cells found on the cardiomyocytes. In normal physiology, the Beta-1 ARs respond to bindng of Epi/Ne to stimulate the GaQ subunit, which causes an increase in IP3, DAG, and an increase in calcium (Ca) concentration in the cell. Increased calcium leads to increased contraction of the smooth muscle cells. This increased contraction leads to increased heart rate and stroke volume, which leads to hypertension. Metoprolol blocks Epi/Ne binding to the B-1AR, preventing the stimulation of Epi/Ne. This leads to a decrease in cellular calcium, and a decrease in HR and stroke volume, which leads to a decreased blood pressure.
730163464	Metoprolol [metoprolol tartrate = Lopressor; metoprolol succinate = Toprol XL] is a beta blocker used to treat hypertension. Metoprolol is an orthosteric, selective antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor. In normal physiology, the endogenous ligand (epinephrine) binds beta-1 receptors on vascular endothelial cells and smooth muscle cells to promote vasoconstriction. Therapuetically, metoprolol blocks these beta-1 receptors to promote vasodilation and treat hypertension.
730309616	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric beta-1 antagonist. It targets beta-1 adrenergic receptors in cardiomyocytes. Normally, the beta-1 adrenergic receptors bind epinephrine, which leads to vasoconstriction via the Gq subunit activity of a GPCR. When metoprolol is administered, it prevents epinephrine from binding to the beta-1 adrenergic receptors which causes vasodilation because the GPCR cannot activate MLCK and cause contraction.
730004713	Metoprolol is a competitive and selective antagonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptors located on cardiomycotes. In normal physiology, beta-1 ARs are activated by epinephrine (or norepinephrine). Beta-1 ARs are GPCRs coupled to a G alpha s protein, and so activation of beta-1 ARs causes increased cAMP production, which causes increased cardiomyocyte contraction and force of contraction. Consequently heart rate and blood pressure increase. As an antagonist of beta-1 ARs, metoprolol blocks activation of the G alpa s coupled GPCR and decreases cAMP production, which decreases cardiomyocyte contraction and rate of contraction. As a result, heart rate and blood pressure decrease.
730324249	Metoprolol (Lopressor) is a selective, orthosteric beta-1 adrenergic antagonist found on smooth muscle cells of the heart as well as endothelial cells. Normally, norepinephrine activates the beta-1 adrenergic receptor, which is a GPCR that signals through G alpha s to incease cAMP and activiate Troponin C which leads to activation of actin/myosin and increases contraction of the heart and causes hypertension. By acting as a beta blocker, metoprolol inhibits the beta-1 adrenergic receptor from signaling via G alpha s and will decrease sympathetic tone to decrease heart rate and treat hypertension.
730305081	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of beta 1 adrenergic receptors (B1AR) on myocardiocytes. Normally, norepinephrine is the endogenous ligand that acts on B1ARs via G-alpha-q to activate Troponin C, activate actin-myosin, and thus cause increase heart rate and force of contraction. As an antagonist, metoprolol blocks norepinephrine at B1AR, ultimately decreasing the elevated heart rate and stroke volume that is characteristic of hypertension.
730338500	Metoprolol is a selective reversible orthosteric antagonist of the Beta 1 Adrenergic Receptor located in the cardiac muscles. The Beta 1 AR is normally innervated by the sympathetic outflow which stimulates Galpha-S of the GPCR. This causes the upregulation of adenyl cyclase, cAMP, and PKA which results in the activation of MLCK and Troponin C leading to increased cardiac muscle contractility, increased heart rate, stroke volume and cardiac output. By blocking this pathway, Metoprolol works to antagonize the sympathetic innervation to the heart and causes a decrease in heart rate, SV and CO.
730013201	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptors, which are located mainly in the cardiomyocytes. Beta-1 adrenergic receptors normally bind to NE or Epi, which activate Gas. Acivated Gas stimulates MLCK, which activate actin and myosin to increase heart rate and contractility. By inhibiting endogenous ligands from activating beta-1 ARs, metoprolol decreases heart rate and decreases stroke volume, both of which contribute to hypertension when they are high.
720517743	Metoprolol is an orthosteric, reversible, selective antagonist that acts on Beta-1 receptors in myocardial tissue. In normal physiology, B1 couples to Gas which then leads to the acitvation of adenylyl cyclase, increase in cAMP within the cell, activation of PKA, influx of calcium, activation of myosin, and ultimately causes an increase in heart rate and force of contraction. Metoprolol targets this pathway to decrease B1 binding which will decrease heart rate and the force of contraction.
730341519	Metoprolol is a selective,reversible, competitive antagonist of the beta 1 adrenergic receptor(AR) that&#39;s located on myocardiocytes. The beta-1 AR is a GPCR with an G alpha s subunit, so normally, its activation leads to an increase in Troponin C which then leads to increased cell contraction. By blocking blocking the beta-1 AR, sympathetic tone of the myocardiocytes is decreased which decreases heart rate and helps to control hypertension.
730349484	Metoprolol is a reversible orthosteric selective antagonist of the beta 1 adrenergic receptor. The beta 1 adrenergic receptors are located on myocardial cells. Normally, epinephrine binds to beta 1 adrenergic receptors which leads to activation of G alpha s. Gs then leads to an increase in cAMP, activation of PKA, and an activation of troponin C. Troponin C leads to an increase in contractility of the myocardial cells. Metoprolol blocks epinephrine from binding to beta 1 receptors which leads to a decrease in troponin C and a decrease in heart rate and contractility. This leads to an overall decrease in blood pressure.
730300545	Metorpolol is an orthosteric, selective, reversible beta 1 adrenergic recepetor agonist. Metoprolol&#39;s target is the beta 1 aderenergic receptor in the heart muscle. The target&#39;s role in normal physiology is activating and helping control heart contractions, vavsoconstriction, and vasodilation. It works by blocking the beta 1 adrenergic receptor, this causes an increase of calcium influx. The increase in calcium concentration causes the activation of tropononin C. Activation of tropononin C causes myosin-actin activation, which ultimately causes the heart muscle to contract and aids in controlling hypertension.
730304972	The API of metoprolol is Lopressor and it is a reversible, orthosteric beta 1 adrenergic receptor anatagonist. Metoprolol is selective for this receptor. This receptor is typically found in cardiomyocytes. Normally, NE binds to the receptor and activates it. This receptor is coupled to G alpha s and leads to increased [cAMP] that further activates a protein kinase and MLCK (causing smooth muscle contraction) and then further activates troponin C to increase HR. Therefore, normal activation of the receptor casues increased chronotropy and iontropy. Metoprolol blocks activation of this receptor by NE to deactivate Troponin C. This deactiation of Troponin C causes decreased chronotropy and decreased iontropy to treat hypertension.
730304973	1. It is a Beta 1, selective, reversible,antagonist. 2. The target is the beta 1 adrenergic receptors and it location is in cardiomyocytes. It uses GPCR&#39;s. 3. In normal physiology, NE uses GAS to increase cAMP ,which activate PKA, which activates MLCK, leading to smooth muscle contraction causing an increase in heart rate and blood pressure. 4. Metoprolol is an antagonist, which blocks NE from binding which decreases the heart rate and blood pressure.
730012843	Metoprolol is a selective, orthosteric, reversible beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist on myocardial cells. Normally, beta-1 receptors are activated by norepinephrine (or epinephrine) and are coupled to G-alpha-s. Activation induces a cascade that leads to increased Ca2+ permeability, activation of troponin C, and activation of the myosin-actin complex, which leads to increased heart rate and force of contractility. Metoprolol selectively binds to beta-1 receptors to block action from norepinephrine (or epinephrine) and leads to a decrease in heart rate and force of contractility, both of which are concerns in patients with hypertension.
730324303	1) metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric Beta 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist 2) the drug&#39;s target is Beta 1 adrenergic receptor located on cardiomyocytes 3) the target&#39;s role is, when bound by norepinephrine, will activate sympathetic tone in the heart muscle through the Gq pathway, the net effect is increasing intracellular calcium concentration which increases heart rate and force of contraction 4) The drug acts as an antagonist to Beta 1 receptor, blocking it from being activated by NE, therefore, prevent the increase of intracellular calcium concentration, thus decreases heart rate and force of contraction
720451649	Metoprolol is a selective, orthosteric, reversible beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist. Its target is the beta-1 adrenergic receptor (GPCR) and is located on many cell types, such as CNS, but metoprolol&#39;s primary target of action is located on cardiac muscle cells. Normally, the beta-1 adrenergic receptor is activated by its endogenous ligand, epinephrine or norepinephrine. This activation results in the activation of the G-alpha-s pathway, which results in an increase of cAMP, which increases Ca++, which activates MLCK, which then leads to contraction. Metoprolol blocks the Epi or NE from binding to the receptor, which then results in a decrease in heart rate and contractility to treat hypertension.
730304974	Metoprolol is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic recpetors on cardiomyocytes. Normally, NE binds the receptor, causing the GPCR to activate MLCK, resulting in an increase in heart rate. Metoprolol blocks this NE activity, leading to a decrease in heart rate, which is helpt patients with heart arrythmias.
730020056	Metoprolol is a selective beta-1 adrenergic recepetor antagonist. The drug&#39;s target is localized in cardiomyocytes. In normal physiology, when beta-1 ARs are activated they cause an increase in intracellular calcium, which leads to an increase in cardiac muscle contraction. By blocking beta-1 ARs, metoprolol prevents the increase in calcium and therefore causes a decrease in cardiac muscle contraction. This results in decreased heart rate and stroke volume/output, leading to decreased blood pressure which is the desired effect to treat hypertension.
720541446	Metoprolol (Lopressor; Toprol XL) is an antihypertensive agent; it&#39;s a selective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist. It is a reversible, orthosteric agent indicated for hypertension. Beta-1 AR are located in cardiomyocytes; the receptor also shows a higher affinity for epinephrine than norepinephrine. Ultimately, agonist activity at this receptor involves an increase in heart rate, stroke volume, and output. When metoprolol binds to the beta-1 AR, it causes a decrease in heart rate and blood pressure.
730014494	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric, selective antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor located in vascular smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells. In normal physiology, the beta-1 receptor is activated by epinephrine and norepinephrine, and because it is a G-alpha-S coupled GPCR, it activates adenylyl cyclase which increases cyclic AMP, resulting in activation of troponin C. Troponin C activates the actin-myosin complex and causes smooth muscle contraction in the vasculature and increases blood pressure. As an antagonist of the beta-1 receptor, metoprolol prevents epinephrine and norepinephrine from binding to the beta-1 receptor, which decreases the vasoconstiction usually caused by activation of these receptors and therefore decreases the high blood pressure characteristic of hypertension.
730305979	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptors on the smooth muscle cells of the myocardium. Normally, beta-1 ARs are activated by Epi (NE) and signal through G-alpha-S to increase concentration of cAMP. By increasing concentration of cAMP, PKA is activated, which in turn activates Troponin C. Troponin C then phosphorylates myosin, which can then interact with actin. This is the basis of the myosin-actin system and muscle cell contraction. As a selective beta-1 AR antagonist, metoprolol blocks the activation of the beta-1 ARs by Epi (NE). This results in decreased heart rate and decreased heart contractility, which helps reduce blood pressure. Metoprolol is indicated for hypertension, angina, HFrEF, and MI.
720401318	1. reversible Antagonist, beta blocker 2. Beta 1 receptor on smooth muscle cells of the heart 3. Once the target is activated, G alpha S activates Troponin C to activate the actin myosin complex to stimulate contraction and increase heart rate. 4. Acting as an antagonist, metoprolol blocks the target which will not activate troponin C to decrease the heart rate.
730344044	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor located on cardiomyocytes. Normally, the beta-1 receptor is bound by epinephrine, which acts via the g-alpha-s subunit to increase cAMP, which attenuates a signal that activates MLCK, which stimulates interaction between the actin and myosin filaments, causing cell contraction. By blocking the beta-1 receptor, metoprolol prevents the signaling pathway that causes cardiac muscle cell contraction and lowers heart rate, which helps treat hypertension.
730342829	Metoprolol is the API for the brand name medications, Toprol XL and Lopressor. It functions as a Beta 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist to block the activation of the coupled GPCR subunit, G alpha s in the smooth muscle cells of the myocardium. In normal physiology, epinephrine has a slightly more potent binding affinity to the Beta 1 receptors in the heart than that of norepinephrine. This bound hormone activates the G alpha s subunit leaving to the subsequent activation of Protein Kinase A. PKA allows for the levels of cAMP to rise in the body, activate troponin C and promote smooth muscle contraction. The API, metoprolol is given to a patient in order to decrease heart rate and blood pressure because it reversibly binds to the B1 receptor, preventing the binding of epinephrine that would otherwise induce G alpha s activation. Metoprolol has sympatholytic effects in the body.
730361796	metoprolol is a selective reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor (beta-1 AR) located in the cardiovascular smooth muscle cells. Normally, norepinephrine (NE) is the endogenous hormone that activate beta-1 AR which signals via G-alpha-q to induce the contraction of cardiovascular smooth muscle cells which leads to increase in heart rate and contractility force. As an antagonist of beta-1 AR, metoprolol inhibits NE activity at beta-1 AR to decrease the contractility force, decrease heart rate and decrease stroke volume that contributes to hypertension.
730009316	Metoprolol is a Beta 1 Adrenergic receptor antagonist. It is used to treat hypertension and angina. It binds to beta receptors to block the activity of epinephrine. Beta 1 receptors are located in cardiac smooth muscle cells as well as in the vasculature. They work by inhibiting the normal process of the Beta 1 receptor which is activated by the binding of epinephrine. The B1AR is a Bs GPCR which means that when activated it upregulates cAMP which in turn upregulates the permeability of calcium ions which then activates troponin C causing increased contractility and heart rate. This mechanism is inhibited in the presence of a Beta blocker such as metoprolol, so there will be less contractility and a slower heart rate.
730347896	Metoprolol is a selective B1-blocker. The drugs works to block/inhibit the beta-1 receptors found mostly on cardiomyocytes on the heart. The normal funciton is that the receptor is activated by epinephrine and the heart rate and the force of contraction is increased. B1- blockers selectively does this and inhibits the effect of epinephrine, and causes a decrease in the force of contraction and the rate. It is used in patients with hypertension as well as heart failure.
720461998	Metoprolol is a selective b1 AR blocker that acts as an orthosteric, reversible antagonist. Normally, endogenous ligands such as epinephrine and norepinephrine bind to b1 receptors on cardiomyocytes to increase produce Gq-mediated signaling; this leads to increased cytoplasmic calcium and subsequent activation of troponin. Troponin then releases its binding to myosin, exposing a myosin-actin binding site and allowing muslce contraction. Overall, this leads to an increase in contractility and heart rate. By antagonizing the b1 adrenergic receptors, metoprolol decreases heart rate and concomitantly cardiac output, making it effective at managing hypertension.
730078207	Metoprolol is a selective, orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor (AR), which is found on the cardiomyocytes. Beta-1 AR is activated by EPI which promotes signaling through GaS to increase [cGMP] and [Ca2+], promoting activation of MLCP and the eventual activation of actin-myosin to produce an increase in the heart rate and contractility of the heart. As an antagonist, metoprolol reduces the activity at the beta-1 AR thereby reducing the heart rate and contractility of the heart muscle cells. Metoporol is indicated for treatment of hypertension for its ability to lower the heart rate and contractility of the heart muscle cells.
730006868	1. Metoprolol, brand name Lopressor, is a selective Beta-1 adrenergic receptor orthosteric antagonist. 2. the target of metoprolol is a beta-1 adrenergic receptor primarily located on cardiomyocytes. 3. Typically, epinephrine binds to these adrenergic receptors on cardiomyocytes, signaling the second messenger Gas, which through a series of reactions, activates troponin C, and therefor activates the actinmyosin system to stimulate muscle contraction. 4. Because Metoprolol is an antagonist at this receptor, it inhibits the activation of troponin C and the acitn myosin system, decreasing muscle contraction and lowering blood pressure and hypertension symptoms. This has a relaxation effect on the cardiac muscles to allow more blood flow to flow through and decrease pressure within the heart.
730363572	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta 1 adrenergic recpetors located in cardiac smooth muscle cells. Metoprolol is used as an antihypertensive agent, and is a selective antagonist to beta 1 receptors. Normally, epinephrine binds to and activates G alpha s protein on GPCRs in cardiac smooth muscle cells. Gs will increase cAMP, which will ultimately activate troponin C. Troponin C activation will cause the smooth muscles to contract. This smooth muscle contraction will increase the heart rate and lead to hypertensive symptoms. By blocking epinephrine from binding to Gs, metoprolol will prevent activation of troponin C and will lead to a decreased heart rate.
730364568	Metoprolol is a reversible orthosteric inhibitor of beta-1 adrenergic receptors found on cardiomycytes innervated by the sympathetic nervous system. This receptor is a GPCR that is Normally stimulated By norepinephrine released from a Sympathetic neruon. Its activation leads to An increase in intracellular calcium concentrations via Gs. Calcium binds to calmodlulin and together the complex activates troponin C which Works to increase contractility. Blocking the beta-1 receptor with metoprolol prevents this sympathetic signalling and can reduce heart rate and subsequently cardiac output To reduce blood pressure.
730363249	Metoprolol is a selective, beta-1 adrenergic receptor orthosteric, reversible antagnoist. This targets beta-1 receptors located on the SMCs of cariomyocytes. Normally, epinephrine binds the beta-1 receptor (a G-alpha-s, GPCR) inducing activating of AC, increasing the concentration of cAMP, resulting in PKA activation, which then activates troponin C. This cascade results in contraction of the heart muscle. Thus, an antagonist of this pathway will inhibit the G-alpha-s pathway and the eventual activation of troponin C, controling for and decreasing heart muscle contraction and decreasing heart rate to combat hypertension.
730338781	Metoprolol is a competitive, orthosteric, antagonist. Its target is beta-1 receptors located in cardiac muscle. In normal physiology, beta-1 receptors are GPCRs that signal through Galphas to cause excitatory activity which in this case increases muscle contraction and consequently heart rate and blood pressure. Blocking the B-1 receptor causes a decrease in this signalling in cardiac muscle which decreases heart rate and high blood pressure that is commonly associated with the disease state of hypertension.
730341595	1. Metoprolol (Lopressor) is a selective beta 1 blocker (orthosteric antagonist)2. that acts on adrenergic receptors located on cardiomyocytes, VSMC and EC.3. Normally, norepinephrine acts on adrenergic receptors to signal via G alpha s. This leads to increased cAMP --&gt; increased PKA --&gt; increased Ca2+ --&gt; Troponin C --&gt; actin myosin contraction --&gt; increased contractility of cardiac cells. 4. As an antagonist, metoprolol blocks norepinephrine from acting on adrenergic receptors leading to decreased ionotropy and chronotropy. Thus metoprolol leads to decreased heart rate, stroke volume and cardiac output.
730015219	N/A
730305268	Metoprolol is a reversable orthosteric antagonist Its target is the beta 1 receptor that is mainly found on myocardial cells Beta 1 cells are normally activated by their endogenous ligand epinephrine. When epinephrine is bound, it activates the beta 1 receptor, causing the activation of the G alpha s unit pathway, which leads to faster contractions of the heart and a faster heart rate Metoprolol selectively blocks the beta 1 recpetor, therby blocking epinephrine activity, which leads to a slowing of the heart rate which leads to lower blood pressure and relieves angina.
730305181	Metoprolol, generic name Toprol XL or Lopressor, is a selective beta 1 AR antagonists found on the smooth muscle cells. Beta 1 receptors are coupled to Gas and increase cAMP, which leads to vasodilation and lower blood pressure. Metoprolol is an antiarhthmic drug.
730300937	Metoprolol ( Lopressor, Toprol XL) is a Beta 1 selective beta blocker. It targets the beta 1 adrenergic receptors in the cardiomyocytes. It is an orthosteric reversible antagonist of the beta 1 receptor. Normally the beta 1 receptor is activated by norepiniephrine and acts through g alpha s to increase CAMP which in turn activates a series of reactions including the activaiton of troponin C. This activation causes the heart rate to increase. By blocking norepinephrine from binding to the beta 1 receptor it stops the signal and causes decreased heart rate and stroke volume.
730257887	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric, competitive, and selective antagonist of beta-1 adrenergic receptors located primarily on cardiomyocytes. The endogenous ligand of beta-1 adrenergic receptors is epinephrine and to a lesser extend, norepineprhine. The receptor is a GPCR coupled with G-alpha protein Gs and when ligand is bound, cAMP levels are increased which leads to increase in calcium, activation of troponin C, myosin-actin cross-linking, and ultimately cardiac muscle contraction. Contractility increases heart rate, cardiac output, and stroke volume. Metoprolol acts as an antagonist to these processes by blocking beta-1 adrenergic receptors and its downstream effects in order to reduce cardiac contractility therefore lowing blood pressure.
730364945	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta 1 adrenergic receptors primarily on cariomyocytes. Normally, beta 1 adrenergic receptors bind NE/Epi, and signal through Gas to increase cAMP and PKA activity to stimulate an increased heartrate and force of contractility. As a blocker of the beta 1 receptors, metoprolol acts to decrease heartrate and force of contractility to decrease hypertension.
730301189	Metoprolol is a selective beta 1 blocker. It is an ortheric antagonist that binds to beta 1 receptors. The target of beta 1 receptors are in the heart &amp; myocardia tissues, controling the heart rate and blood pressure. In normal physiology (patients have sinus rhythm and regular heart contraction), beta 1 receptors are activated, causing a cascade of intracellular GPCR reaction. Gas is activated, causing an increase of cAMP, which leads to increased heart rate, blood pressure and contraction. However, in patients with arrhythmia and angina, motoprolol binds to beta 1 receptors, blocking the beta 1 receptors competitively (ortheric antagonist). Blocked beta 1 receptors therefore would not cause a series of intracelluar GPCR cascade reactions. Gas would not be activated, and there is no increase of cAMP to signal heart contraction. The result is decreased heart contraction, lowered heart rate, and lowered blood pressure.
730364732	Metoprolol is a selecive, reversible, orthosteric beta-1 antagonist, also known as a beta blocker. Normally, beta-1 receptors on the cardiomyocytes in the heart are bound by norepinephrine or epinephrine. This binding results in the activation of GalphaS which increases cAMP and activates Troponin C which activates actin/myosin contraction resulting in increased heart rate and contractility of the heart. Antagonism of the beta-1 receptors prevents the activation of actin/myosin contraction which decreases heart rate and contractility, leading to decreased blood pressure which is beneficial in the treatment of hypertension.
730302084	Metoprolol is a Beta 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist (beta blocker). Metoprolol bind reversibly to the B1AR which are found on cardiac myocytes. Normally, the B1AR binds norpepinepherine which stimulates an increase in intracellular cAMP, which activates troponin C, which then activates the contraction of actin and myosin in cardiac muscle cells. Metoprol blocks the binding of NE to the B1AR, thus reducing the contraction of actin and myosin, which in doing so reduces heart rate and force of contraction in order to treat hypertension.
730012427	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor found on vascular smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells, and especially on cardiomyocytes. Normally, NE stimulates the receptor, signaling Gs and leading to increased cAMP and elevated heart rate. Metoprolol prevents activation of the receptor by NE, reducing heart rate to treat hypertension.
730008469	Metoprolol is a compteitive, reversible beta 1 selective beta receptor antagonist. The beta 1 receptors are located primarly on cardiomyocytes. Normally NE / Epi is used to stimulate these GCPR&#39;s with Galpha-s to increase cAMP, acitvate PKA and then Troponin C resulting in increased chronotropy and inotropy of the heart. Using metoprolol will block these receptors witch will prevent the sympathetic nervous system&#39;s increase on heart rate and contractility.
730308977	Metoprolol is a selective, orthosteric beta-1 receptor antagonist that works on the beta-1 adrenergic receptors located primarily on the cardiac muscle cells of the heart (myocardiocytes). In normal physiology, beta-1 ARs can be controlled by the sympathetic nervous system during fight-or-flight/stressful situations, and beta-1 ARs are activated by epinephrine to enduce G-alpha-s associated pathways. This effect increases contractility and automaticity of the heart, causing it to pump frequently and stronger, contributing to symptoms associated with hypertension (higher blood pressure, heart rate, output). By blocking the activation of beta-1 ARs in cardiomyocytes, metoprolol blocks G-alpha-s pathways, slowing down the heart, reducing blood pressure and heart rate, which contributes to treatment of symptoms associated with hypertension.
730304975	Metoprolol (Lopressor) is a reversible, orthosteric beta-1 antagonist. In normal physiology, epinephrine binds to beta-1 receptors, located mainly on myocardium, and activates G-alpha-s which increases the concentration of cAMP which, in turn, increase heart contractility. Metoprolol blocks the beta-1 receptors thereby decreasing heart rate and consequently, decreasing blood pressure because the heart is pushing out blood at a slower rate.
730177416	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the b1 adrenergic receptor. The b1 adrenergic receptor is found on cardiac myocytes and has a Gaq GPCR signalling model. When epinephrine or norepinephrine binds the receptor it induces sympathetic tone in the cardiac myocytes and causes PIP2 activation and Ca2+ release that increases heart rate. Inhibition of the b1 adrenergic receptor prevents this sympathetic tone and decreases heart rate. This decreases cardiac output in patients with hypertension causing a decrease in blood pressure and relief from hypertension.
730309632	Metoprolol (Lopressor) is a selective beta-1 receptor antagonist that binds reversibly and orthosterically. Beta-1 receptors are found primarily on cardiomyocytes. In normal physiology, beta-1 receptors bind to the endogenous ligand epinephrine (and norepinephrine, to some degree), which is an excitatory sympathetic ligand. The binding of epinephrine to the beta-1 receptor, which is a GPCR, activates the G-alpha-s subunit to activate adenylyl cyclase to increase intracellular concentrations of cAMP, which ultimately leads to activation of PKA to stimulate the cardiomyocytes, to increase heart rate (automaticity), stroke volume, and cardiac output. Metoprolol is indicated to treat hypertension by blocking the activity of the beta-1 receptor. By blocking this receptor&#39;s activity, metoprolol inhibits the signal transduction, leading to decreased hear rate, stroke volume, and cardiac output, which in turn, causes a decrease in blood pressure to treat hypertension.
730163687	Metoprolol is a competitive, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the beta-1 receptor located on cardiomyocytes and vascular smooth muscle cells. Normally, epinephrine binds the beta-1 receptor and induces contraction of the heart and increases heart rate through Gas. Metoprolol is selective for the beta-1 receptor, blocking epinephrine from binding, and leads to decreased heart rate and decreased heart muscle contraction. It can be used to treat hypertension.
730227103	Metoprolol is a selective beta-1 orthostearic antagonist. The drug targets beta-1 receptors in cardiomyocytes, vascular smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells. In normal physiology beta-1 receptors are bound by either norepinephrine or epinephrine to induce muscle contraction. This occurs via activation of the GalphaS subunit of the GPCR, which leads activation of AC, increased levels of cAMP, activation of PKA, activation of MLCK, and then smooth muscle contraction. Since this drug is an antagonist of this receptor it is going to block the activation of the GalphaS subunit, so there will not be an increase in cAMP levels, no activation of PKA, MLCK will not be activated and there will be smooth muscle relaxation. This smooth muscle relaxation will cause vasodilation of the peripheral vascular tissue in order to treat hypertension.
730308980	Metoprolol is an orthosteric, reverisible, selective beta-1 receptor antagonist. Beta-1 receptors are located on cardiomyocytes and are normally activated by epinephrine. Activation by epinephrine will result in signaling through G-alpha-s which will increase the permeability of calcium. Troponin C is also activated, which will ultimately result in muscle contraction by myosin and actin heads working together. By blocking the action of epinephrine on the beta-1 receptors on cardiomyocytes, metoprolol will block the ability of the cell to contract, and thus induce relaxation. Metoprolol results in a reduction of heart rate and force of contraction, and it generally used for hypertension or angina.
730084405	metoprolol is a Beta 1 selective, reversible orthosteric AR antagonist. Beta 1 adrenergic receptors are found primarily in cardiomyocytes. Beta 1 ARs normally bind to norepinephrine, and signal through G alpha s protein to cause increased cAMP, increased MCLK, activate Troponin C, and cause vasoconstriction. As a beta 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist, it blocks the binding of norepinephrine and therefore decreases vasoconstriction, and acts to decreases heart rate and force of contraction of the heart, Metoprolol is used for the treatment of hypertension.
730042911	Metoprolol is a beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist and a irreversible orthosteric antagonist. It binds to beta-1 adrenergic receptors mainly found on the myocardiocytes on smooth muscle of the heart. When epinephrine normally binds to the beta-1 AR, it activates a GPCR cascade involvin G-alpha-q subunit. The G-alpha-q will cause a signalling cascade leading to an increase in IP3 and DAG. Which in turn will cause an influx of Calcium ions into the cell and causes Ca ion release from the sarcoplasmic reticulum. As a result smooth muscle contraction will occur. When the receptor is blocked and Epi is unable to bind, then there will be decreased heart rate and less output from the heart. As a result of the decreased volume of blood circulating, the blood pressure will lower, which is the target therapeutic result. Beta-1 AR Antagonists are used to treat hypertension.
730043583	Metoprolol is a reversible antagonist of the beta-1 receptor. These receptors are located on the cardiomyocytes of the heart, the vascular smooth muscle cells, and the ECs. Normally, this GPCR, coupled to Gq, is stimulated by epinepherine/norepinepherine to cause an increase in IP3 and DAG inside the cell which leads to opening of the calcium channel and an increase in the calcium in the cell, which leads to the activation of MLCK and the contraction of the muscle. This contraction in the cardiomyocytes, VSMCs, and ECs leads to an increase in ionotropy and chronotropy of the heart (specifically cardiomyocytes), increase in total peripheral resistance, and increased blood pressure. As an antagonist of the beta-1 receptor, metoprolol causes a decrease in sympathetic activation of these receptors. This decreases heart rate and blood pressure. A decrease in heart rate and BP is therapeutic for people with heart failure and hypertension (though beta-1 blcokers are not recommended as first line treatment for individuals with just hypertension).
730305983	Metoprolol is a selective, competitive, reversible antagonist of... the beta-1 adrenergic receptors located mainly on cardiomyocytes. In normal physiology, epinephrine binds the beta-1 adrenergic receptor located on heart muscle cells, activating the receptor&#39;s Gs GPCR cascade, increasing cAMP, activting PKA, ultimately increasing intracellular calcium ion concentrations leading to increased contractility of the cardiomyocytes and heart rate. Metoprolol is a selective beta-1 AR antagonist. Its mechanism of action is that it reversibly and orthosterically binds the beta-1 receptor, blocking the binding of epinephrine, ultimately decreasing heart rate and heart muscle contractility to treat hypertension.
730305085	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric, selective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist. Beta-1 adrenergic receptors are located primarily on cardiomyocytes. Normally they are activated by the binding of NE (or Epi), which sends a signal to the G-alpha-s protein. This activation activates adenylyl cyclase (AC) which converts ATP to cAMP, thereby increasing intracellular levels of cAMP. This causes an increase in Ca+ levels and activation of Troponin C. This results in actin-myosin activation and cardiac muscle contraction. When metoprolol binds, it blocks the active site (preventing NE or Epi from binding) and results in decreased downstream effects. This lowers heart rate which is associated with angina pectoris.
720141645	Metoprolol is a selective orthosteric reversible antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptors on cardiomycocytes. Normally epineprhine or norepinerphine binds to beta-1 adrenergic receptors causing activation of galphas which increases cAMP, increasing intracellular Ca2+ and troponin C leading to cardiac muscle contraction. Metoprolol prevents binding of norepinerphine/epinephrine, thus preventing the above process that leads to muscle contraction, thus slowing heart rate and decreasing cardiac output, thereby decreasing high blood pressure associated with hypertension.
730011977	Metoprolol tartrate/succinate (Norvasc/Toprol XL) is a competitive, othosteric beta-1 AR antagonist. The drug&#39;s target normally functions to increase heart rate when bound by Epi in vivo, which in turn causes GalphaS to increase cAMP and activate the MLCK to induce muscle contractions of the cardiac myocytes. Metoprolol binds to the beta-1 AR, thus inhibting the normal binding-associated physiology that occurs with Epi--reducing heart rate and angina.
730362445	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the Beta-1 receptor primarily located on the cardiomyocytes in the heart. Under normal physiological conditions, the Beta-1 Receptor is activated by norepinephrine and through a GalphaS cascade, leads to an increase in heart rate and force of contraction of the heart. As an antagonist of the Beta-1 receptor, metoprolol will block norepinephrine from being able to bind to the Beta-1 Receptor. In doing so, it will prevent this GalphaS cascade and result in a decrease in chronotropy and ionotropy of the heart. This will result in decreased heart rate and blood pressure typically associated with hypertension.
730305984	Toprol XL (metoprolol) is a orthosteric, reverisble antagonist of the &#223;-1 adrenergic receptor found most importantly on cardiac myocytes. In normal physiology, &#223;-1 ARs (GPCR (Gas)) are activated by norepinephrine to stimulate activation of adenylyl cyclase (AC) leading to increased levels of cAMP. Ultimately, This leads to an increase intracellular calcium which in turn, leads to increased muscle contractility and positive inotropy. The therapeutic effect of metoprolol lies in that it antagonizes the activity of norepinephrine at the &#223;-1 AR thus decreasing activation of AC leading to decreased levels of cAMP. These decreased levels of cAMP lead to decreased intracellular calcium and ultimately leads to decreased muscle contractility thus attenuating NEs agonistic effects. By doing reducing cardiac myocyte contractility, metoprolol combats increased heart rate and cardiac output seen in cases of hypertension.
730305023	Metoprolol is a reversible, orthosteric beta-1 receptor antagonist, which is located on cardiomyocytes. Normally, beta-1 receptor binds G-alpha-s receptor, which increases cAMP level, then activates Troponin C, thereby increasing myocardial contraction. As a beta-1 receptor antagonist, metoprolol blocks the activation of beta-1 receptor, decreases the contraction of myocardial cells, thus decreasing blood pressure, which will help treat hypertension.
730335119	Metoprolol is a selective, reversible, orthosteric beta 1 adrenergic receptor blocker located primarily in the myocardiocytes but also found in endothelial cells and vascular SMCs. In normal physiology, epinephrine binds and activates beta-1 AR (a GPCR), which leads to the activation of G-alpha-s protein and eventually muscle contractions in the heart. By blocking the activity of beta-1 AR, metoprolol reduces heart muscle contractility and decrease the heart rate and stroke volume that contribute to hypertension.
720520297	Metoprolol is a reversible orthosteric antagonist for the beta -1 adrenergic receptors located on the cardiomyocytes. Normally, epinephrine or norepinephrine binds to the beta-1 receptors to increase contractility and blood pressure. Metoprolol prevents epinephrine or norepinephrine from binding to the beta-1 receptor and results in a decrease in blood pressure and heart rate. Metoprolol is also a selective beta-1 blocker so it is selective for the beta-1 receptor.
730119872	Metoprolol is a selective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist that is reversible and orthosteric. It blocks the beta-1 adrenergic receptor found throughout the body especially in the heart, vascular smooth muscle cells, and endothelial cells. The beta-1 adrenergic receptor is usually activated by epinephrine or norepinephrine and normally signals via the Galphas subunit to increase concentrations of cAMP in the cell, resulting in increased heart rate and contractility as well as vasoconstriction. Metoprolol inhibits this action which leads to decreased sympathetic stimulation on cardiomyocytes and decreased heart rate, stroke volume, and output. This decreases sympathetic tone and leads to vasodilation in vascular smooth muscle cells which decreases blood pressure in the periphery.
730305285	Lopressor (metoprolol) is a selective orthosteric, reversible antagonist of beta-1 receptors on cardiovascular muscle. Normally, norepinephrine activates beta-1 receptors which signal through G-alpha-S to increase cAMP, activate PKA, and stimulate smooth muscle contraction. By blocking this activity, there is less heart muscle contraction and thereby is effective in treating hypertension.
720507989	Metoprolol is a selective, orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the beta-1 adrenergic receptor (B1AR). The B1AR is a GPCR located on cardiomyocytes. Upon activation of the B1AR by NE or Epi, it is coupled to Gas which increases cAMP, activates Troponin C, and increases [Ca2+] to stimulate SMC contraction in cardiomyoctes. This leads to increased heart rate and force of contraction. By blocking the B1AR from activation, metoprolol decreases heart rate and the force of contraction which relieves symptoms of hypertension.
730308983	Metoprolol (Lopressor, Toprol) is a selective beta blocker to the beta 1 adrenergic receptor (GPCR family) in cardiomyoctes. Epinephrine (or even NE) is the endogenous ligand, binding to the receptor, coupled with GalphaS (activating adenylyl cyclase, increasing [cAMP]) leading to myosin contraction causing vasoconstriction. Orthosteric reversible antagonist activity blocks epinephrine from binding, which decreases constriction, allowing relaxation of the cardiomyocytes and vasodilation. This ultimately decreases blood pressure, treating hypertension.
