730336623	Ondansetron, otherwise known as Zofran, is a competitive reversible orthosteric antagonist of 5HT3. The target is 5HT3 which is a ligand gated ion channel expressed on vestibular nuclei and vagal and enteric nerves of the CNS. 5HT3 normally is bound by serotonin to induce serotonigic effects which can cause nausea and vomiting. Zofran binds as an antagonist and prvents CINV, PONV, and other nausea and vomiting.
730009227	Ondansetron is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the 5HT3 receptor in afferent vagal neurons, enteric neurons, and in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. In normal physiology serotonin would bind to the 5HT3 receptor, which is a Na+/K+ ligand gated ion channel. This binding would allow for sodium to enter the cell, cells to depolarize, and cell signalling to occur. In the chemoreceptor trigger zone this produces the feeling of nausea and in the stomach this stimulates the distal contractions needed to induce vomiting. Ondansetron prevents this signalling in the chemoreceptor trigger zone, in afferent vagal neurons, and in enteric neurons to reduce the sensation of nausea and stop the vomiting associated with chemotherapy treatment (CINV).
711510047	Ondansetron is an orthosteric 5-HT3 (5-HT3R) receptor antagonist. These are pentameric ligand-gated ion channels located in the ENS and CNS. In normal physiology, serotonin is the endogenous ligand for these channels that, upon binding, allows ion influx which propagates pro-emetic signaling. By blocking serotonin&#39;s activity at the receptors, ondansetron dissipates the ion gradient necessary for neurotransmission, thereby preventing the symptoms (i.e., nausea) and signaling necessary for emesis.
730301143	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric, antagonist of 5-HT3 receptor, an ligand-gated cation channel, located centrally in the chemotherapeutic trigger zone of the AP and peripherally in vagal afferent nerve endings in the smooth muscle of the GI tract. Normally, Serotonin is the endogenous agonist of the 5-HT3R, stimulating sympathetic signaling and relaxation of the GI smooth muscle at the distal end of the food bolus. As an antagonist of 5-HT3R, Odansetron blocks Serotonin binding and inactivates 5-HT3R, stimulating relaxation of the distal GI smooth muscle and blocking sympathetic signaling, treating emesis, as well as nausea and vomitting associated with chemotharapy, radiotherapy, or post-surgery.
730008206	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible, competative, orthosteric inhibitor of the 5-HT3 ligand-gated channel which is located on the GI tract that induces nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy. Normally, serotonin binds to the ion channel and inhibits contraction and induces relaxation of the GI tract allowing for food bolus to pass. Ondansetron mimics the structure of serotonin loosly in order to bind to the channel and induce contraction allowing food bouls to be moved through the GI tract and eliminate GI statis that leads to nausea and vomiting.
720431068	Ondansetron is a 5HT-3 Antagonist that is orthosteric and reversible. It acts on the Serotonin HT-3 Receptor. Normally, serotonin functions to bind to the receptor and propagate smooth muscle contractions in the GI tract to cause emesis. Ondansetron can also activate the vestibular nuclear receptor that causes the sensation of nausea. The use of ondansetron as a drug opposes these effects and prevents the contractions that lead to emesis, and reduce the sensation of nausea as it acts as an antagonist at the receptor.
730170143	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a orthosteric, reversible inhibitor of 5-HT3 receptors in the area postrema and vagus nerve terminals. 5-HT3 receptors are ion channels that normally respond to afferent, emetic signals to induce nausea and vomiting as well as cause distal relaxation of the GI tract. By inhibiting the activity of 5-HT3 receptors, ondansetron prevents nausea and vomiting signaling induced by cytotoxic molecules and slows gastric emptying.
730337615	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 serotonin receptor. The target of ondansetron is the serotonin 5-HT3 receptor in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the enteric nervous system. Serotonin is the endogenous ligand for the 5-HT3 receptor. Normally serotonin binds the receptor and inhibits forward motility of the GI tract. This inhibition of normal gut motility by serotonin is responsible for the symptoms associated with CINV. Ondansetron exerts its action by binding to the 5-HT3 receptor and inhibiting serotonin&#39;s effects. This results in forward GI motility and relief of the symptoms associated with CINV.
730046634	Odansetron, zofran, is a reversible, competitive, inhibitor of the 5H3T serotonin gated pump. The sodium potassium pump is found peripherally on the vagal nerve terminals in the GI tract and centrally in chemoreceptor trigger zones in the area postrema (AP). When serotonin activates the 5H3T pump, it contributes to smooth muscle contraction in the GI tract that causes vomitting, and the AP produces signals that contribute to nausea. When odansetron inhibits the passage of ions through the pump, it prevents contractions in the GI tract that cause vomiting and reduces the feeling of nausea caused by the AP.
720516197	Ondansetron is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of 5-HT3 receptor located on the smooth muscle cells of GI tract and on the chemoreceptor trigger zone at the area postrema (AP) in the CNS. Normally, Serotonin is the endogenous agonist(ligand) that binds to 5-HT3 receptor and opens the ion channel to let Na+ and K+ flow into the cell to cause depolarization and send signal to CNS through vagal afferent nerves, leading to smooth muscle relaxation. As a 5-HT3 receptor antagonist, ondansetron blocks serotonin to bind to the 5-HT3 receptor and prevents the signal transmitted to chemoreceptor trigger zone in the CNS, leading to smooth muscle contraction in the GI tract to treat chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730010565	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3R found on enteric neurons. The 5-HT3 receptor is an ion channel that is normally stimulated by the endogenous agonist ACh in order to allow for the flux of Na and K ions, which allow for depolarization to occur. This depolarization of the enteric neuron causes the activation of inhibitory afferent neurons, which signal to repress normal GI contractility and thereby repress peristalsis. However, in the presence of a 5-HT3R antagonist such as ondansetron, ACh is not longer able to activate the 5-HT3R and therefore depolarization does not occur to allow for the inhibition of gastrokinesis. Therefore, an this allows for forward movment of the digestive system that aids in the prevention of the reverse contraction that would be necessary for votining. Also, 5-HT3R antagonism in the CNS neurons of the chemoreceptor trigger zone prevent the signaling for nausea and vomiting to occur.
720391577	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 Receptor located in the smooth muscle cells of the GI tract and also the chemotrigger zone of the area postrema. In normaly physiology, these 5-HT3 receptors are activated by serotonin, their endogenous ligand. When activated by serotonin the receptor sends a signal to its coupled G-alpha-q and this stimulates a cascade of events that result in increase in intracellular [Ca2+] which leads to activated MLCK and therefore smooth muscle contraction. Normally, these receptors in the area postrema are activated by serotonin and send signals to triger vomiting. As an antagonist of this 5-HT3 receptor, ondansetron binds and prevents the receptor from being activated by serotonin in the smooth muscle cells distal to the food bolus. Without this activation, G-alpha-q is not activated to stimulate the normal cascade of events that typically result in increased intracellular [Ca2+] and activated MLCK, so no smooth muscle contration occurs and anything in the digestive tract can continue to move down via normal peristalsis. Additionaly, ondansetron acts as an antagonist at these receptors located in the chemotrigger zone of the area postrema and therefore blocks any signals that would tigger vomiting. Since ondansetron acts as an antagonist and can prevent nausea and vomiting, it is able to be used for treatment for chemothreapy induced nausea and vomiting.
730301183	Ondansetron also known as Zofran is a 5-HT3 antagonist that is used to treat CINV. This works to reduce NV becasue normally serotonin activates 5-HT3 after a food bolus to slow gastric emptying, however by antagionizing this receptor we speed up gastric emptying and prevent vomitting. These receptors involved in gastric emptying are found in the colon. There are also recepptors in the chemotrigger zone of the CNS that are blocked by 5-HT3.
730306031	Ondansetron/Zofran is a 5-HT3R competitive, reversible antagonist. The 5-HT3 Receptor is an ion channel located near the ends of the vagal nerves and in the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the Enteric Nervous System. The 5-HT3 Receptor is normally activated by serotonin to REDUCE GI motility and induce chemo-related nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron blocks the binding of serotonin to the 5-HT3 receptor and increase gut motility, reducing chemo-induced nausea and vomiting. It does this by mimicing the structure of serotonin, and orthosterically binding to the active site on the ion channel. Ondansetron is polypharmalogic and also actives D2 (dopamine) receptors.
730336866	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a selective, reversible 5-HT3 receptor (5-HT3R) orthosteric antagonsit. Ondansetron targets the 5-HT3R located on enteric and vagal nerves, of the ENS and CNS respectively. Normally, 5-HT3s are Na+/K+ ion channels, whose recetor responds to the secretion of serotonin from entero-chromaffin (EC) cells in the GI tract. 5-HT3s function in nuerotransmission from thr ENS through vagal afferents to the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the area postrema (AP) of the brain stem. The symptoms of CINV are reduced by ondansetron through the supression of 5-HT3Rs in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the AP to lessen symptoms of nausea and via indirect inhibition of GI smooth muscles in the distal GI tract to promote gastric emptying [reduce stasis], reducing symptoms associated with vomiting.
720511985	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. The chemoreceptors are in the stomach and are typically overstimulated by chemotherapy drugs causing nausea and vomiting, due to their ability to induce GI contraction. The drug reduces nausea and vomiting by decreasing sympathetic tone and reducing contraction acting on this CNS vagal nerve fiber.
720514156	Ondansetron (Brand Name Zofran) is a 5HT3 Receptor antagonist which targets the 5HT3 Receptor on post synaptic neurons in the CNS vestibular nuclei. In normal physiology serotonin binds to 5HT3 Receptor on post synaptic neurons in the CNS vestibular nuclei leading to opening of the ligand gated ion channel. This drives ions across the channel leading to depolarization of the channel which causes the nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Ondansetron acts to bind to the receptor and stops the channel from becoming depolarized and which leads to decreased nausea and vomitting associated with chemotherapy and radiotherapy.
730339317	Ondansetron is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor located on the peripheral vagal terminals and centrally on the chemoreceptor trigger zone. Normally, 5-HT3 is bound by serotonin which mediates neurotransmission of a nausea and vomitting response. However, when ondansetron binds it inhibits this neurotransmission by serotonin and as a result prevents nausea and vomitting which is characteristic of chemotherapeutic treatment.
730007672	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor, which is normally found on vagal afferent neurons in the enteric nervous system. In normal physiology, serotonin (5-HT) serves as an edogenous agonist of the 5-HT3R, causing the ion channel to open, allowing for the passage of ions, leading eventually to reduced gut motility and increased contractions. Ondansetron works to treat CINV by antagonizing this receptor, increasing gut motility and decreasing the reverse contractions which can lead to CINV.
730010615	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a serotonin receptor type 3 (5HT3R) reversible orthosteric antagonist used to treat chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomitting. The 5HT3R is a ligand gated ion channel located on the afferent neurons of the enteric nervous system (on the inhibitory IPANs), as well as in the CNS. Specifically, 5HT3R are located on the post synaptic neurons of the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the area postrema in the medulla. Normally, serotonin is the endogenous ligand for this receptor. When a food bolus passes through the intestines, mechanoreceptors sense the mass and stimulate the release of serotonin, which stimulates the 5HT3R (ligand gated ion channel), resulting in depolarization and neurotransmission in the inhibitory afferent neurons of the enteric nerovous system. In response, sympathetic efferent signals are returned, leading to distal relaxation of the intestine in front of the food bolus, allowing passage of the mass. Therefore, blocking the 5HT3R with ondansetron prevents this distal relaxation, resulting in increased normal GI contractility, thus preventing the reverse contraction needed for emesis. Additionally, receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (which is outside of the BBB and therfore exposed to potential toxins in the blood such as those present in chemotherapy) normally would respond to chemical triggers by initiating neurotransmission that generates the nausea and vomiting (via serotinin signaling through 5-HT3R). Therefore, using ondansetron also blocks the 5-HT3R in the chemireceptor trigger zone, thus preventing neurotransmission resulting in CINV. In summary, ondansetron antagonizes the 5-HT3R in the enteric nervous system and in the area postrema, preventing neurotransmission, and thus preventing both the physical emesis signaling (reverse contraction of GI) as well as the CNS signalling that leads to CINV.
730308943	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist. Ondansetron&#39;s target is the 5HT-3 receptor located in the central nervous system. When serotonin (5HT) is not bound, the 5HT-3 receptor is closed so that no ion exchange occurs. Once serotonin binds to the 5HT-3 receptor, the channel opens and allows ions (sodium and potassium) into the cell. An influx of ions will depolarize the cell and release an impulse to induce nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron is an antagonist so it prevents serotonin from binding to the active site of the receptor in the channel. Since serotonin cannot bind in the presence of ondansetron, no influx of ions occurs and no impulse is produced, which results in suppression of nausea and vomiting, specifically chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730305075	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist at the 5-HT3 serotonin receptor located on the enteric and vagal nerves. In normal physiology, serotonin activates the 5-HT3 receptor and causes GI smooth muscle relaxation distal to the food bolus. In order to combat chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting, ondansetron acts by blocking serotonin from binding causing increased GI smooth muscle contractions so that contractions cannot occur proximal to the bolus (aka vomiting). In addition, serotonergic signaling in the postrema region is blocked thus helping to reduce the effetcs of nausea.
730344007	Ondansetron is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the 5-HT3R serotonin-gated sodium ion channel located in CNS AP of medulla oblongata. Neurons in this area propagate emetic signals from chemoreceptors to ENS. Ondansetron antagonizes 5-HT3R ion channel to prevent nerve firing thus uncoupling reverse peristaltic signal that induces vomiting.
730300292	Ondansetron is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of 5HT-3 receptors, which are located in both GI tract and chemotherapy area in CNS. Normally serotonin activates 5HT-3 receptors and thereby increasing food transit time in the gastroenteric lumen, as well as stimulating CNS effects including dizziness, nausea, etc. As a 5HT-3R antagonist, ondansetron blocks the activation of 5HT-3 receptors and thereby decreasing food transit time in GI tract and CNS effects, both of which reduce chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730302081	Ondansetron is a reversible orthosteric 5-HT3 antagonist and antiemetic. The 5-HT3 receptor is a pentameric ligand gated channel that is located in the chemorecepter trigger zone of the area postrema and on enteric neurons. When bound by the endogenous ligand serotonin, the 5-HT3 receptors in the CNS continue further neuronal signal transmission which will prompt the feeling of nausea. In the enteric neurons, activated 5-HT3 causes nitric oxide induced relaxation of distal peristaltic muscles to allow for food bolus passage. As a 5-HT3 antagonist, ondansetron treats CINV by interrupting and blocking neuronal transmission in the chemorecepter trigger zone of the CNS to aleviate the sensation of nausea; it also uncouples the peristaltic rhythm by blocking relaxation of distal peristaltic smooth muscle to discourage muscular contraction in the upwards direction, which would induce vomiting.
730336309	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the HT3 Receptor. The HT3R is located on enteric neurons in the periphery and also on neuron in the CNS vomitting trigger center. Normally, the binding of 5-HT activates the HT3R, a GPCR, leading the a Gas cascade and increase in cAMP. This then gives rise to SM contraction in the GI tract and vommitting signaling in the CNS. With the treatment of ondansetron, blocking of the HT3R inhibits the vomitting signaling and SM reverse contraction needed in emesis. This drug ultimately has anti-emetic effects, treating the nausea and vomitting exhibited in patients with CINV.
730203946	Ondansetron (Zofran) is an reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5HT3 receptors located throughout the enteric nervous system and the smooth muscle cells of the intestines. Normally, serotonin binds to the 5HT3 receptors, allowing for neurotransmission of nausea signals in the nervous system, thereby causing nausea. In addition, serotonin binds to the 5HT3 receptors located on the SMC of the intestines to cause contractions necessary for vomiting. By blocking the 5HT3 receptors, ondansetron prevents serotonin from binding, thereby preventing neurotransmission of the nausea signals, promoting GI stasis, and resulting in the treatment of CINV.
730092448	Ondansetron is a competitive inhibitor of 5-HT3 channels which are located in the GI tract and in vagal nerves connected to the CNS. Histamine binds to 5-HT3 which is a ligand ion channel and once it binds, this sends signals through smooth muscle cells of the GI tract to relax, and sends signals through vagal nerves in the CNS to induce nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron prevents histamine from binding to 5-HT3 which allows contraction of the GI tract to promote gastric emptying and prevents signalling through vagal nerves to the CNS which treats chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting.
730337192	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthoesteric 5-TH3 receptor antagonist. The drug targets 5-TH3 receptor, located on the ion channel of the gastric cell. Normally, 5-TH3 receptor will be activated by 5-TH3 and it will open Na+/K+ ion channel, and allow ions to pass through. As the 5-TH3 receptor antagonist (reversible, orthoesteric), ondansetron will prevent 5-TH3 from binding to the 5-TH3 receptor on the ion channel, it will prevent the activation and opening of the ion channel, prevent ions to pass through, and by doing so, treating CINV.
730300464	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. The drug targets 5-HT3 receptors, a type of ligand-gated ion channe. In normal physiology, upon activation of 5-HT3 receptors by toxic or noxious chemicals sensory information from afferent vagal neurons is sent to the CNS to induce symptoms of nausea and vomiting. Also, 5-HT3 receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema in the CNS are activated leading to an emesis reaction. By blocking both the transmission of vagal signals and the activation of 5-HT3 receptors in the area postrema patients will benefit from a reduction of nausea and vomitng.
730300715	Ondansetron is a selective, reversible inhibitor of 5HT-3 channels both peripherally in the GI and centrally in the area postrema. In normal GI physiology, the 5HT-3 channel is bound by serotonin, which activates the ion channel to depolarize the vagal afferent neurons. This is attenuated to the CNS, which then leads to inhibitory neurotransmissions that proceed to cause SMC relaxations distally to the food bolus in peristalsis. In the area postrema of the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the CNS, the 5-HT3 channel is important for mediating signals involved with nausea and vomitting, especially due to CINV. Ondansetron inhibits the 5HT-3 channels, uncoupling reverse peristalsis (to act as a pro-kinetic in the forward direction) and blocking chemotherapy-induced neurotransmissions in the area postrema.
730008212	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor, which are ion channel located on smooth muscle cells of the GI tract. Normally, histamine, the endogenous ligand, binds to the ion channel which promotes a conformational change and the opening of the channel to allow ions to flow through. The binding of ondansetron to the ion channel prevents histamine from binding and shifts the equilibrium to favor the closed formation of the ion channel, thereby, preventing the flow of ions and contraction of the GI smooth muscle. Contraction of smooth muscle is required for vomiting, therefore, ondansetron effectively treats CINV.
730305176	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 Receptor that is found in sympathetic neurons of vestibular nuclei as well as the chemoreceptor area of the brain. Normally, activation of this receptor causes nausea and vomiting reflexes through activation of these vestibular nuclei. Inhibition of these neurons decreases the sensation of nausea and reduces the urge to vomit. It also works by promoting gastric emptying and suppressing the GI smooth muscle contractions that are involved in the vomiting reflex.
730308947	The drug, ondansetron (Zofran) is a 5-HT3 receptor (5HT3R) antagonist. The 5HT3 receptors reside in the grastrointestinal tract (the stomach) and are involved in the transmitting nerve signals between the GI tract and the brain (CNS) through vagal nerves. The normal ligand to 5HT3 receptors is serotonin, which is a neurotransmitter that is abundant and active in the chemorecptor trigger zone for the GI tract. Ondansetron binds to the 5HT3 receptor competitively to decrease the serotonin signaling to the central nervous system, and is one of the most useful antiemetic agents in the treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (when compared to H1R blockers).
730305017	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of 5HT3 receptor in the CNS vestibule. Normally, serotonin activates the 5HT3 receptor to allow signalling to the CNS that results in relaxation of the GI tract ahead of a food bolus. Ondansetron activates the 5HT3 receptor to increase signalling to the CNS and promote GI tract relaxation thereby counteracting CINV.
730332858	Ondansetron is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the 5HT3 receptor in the gastrointestinal tract. The 5HT3 receptor is a ligand-gated ion channel that binds serotonin and sends enteric nerve signals to the CNS via sodium. When ondansetron binds it sends inhibitory signals to the CNS and through NANC causes distal relaxation ahead of the bolus stimulating gastric paresis and movement. Ondansetron is often prescribed as an anti-emetic.
730335667	Ondansetron or Zofran is a reversible 5HT3 antagonist that acts on the serotonin receptor and is classified as an antiemetic drug. Typically 5ht3 binds to the serotonin receptor in the chemoreceptor trigger zone, thus increasing the sympathetic tone of the vagal nerve which helps to stimulate the process of nausea and vomiting. By binding this drug and inhibiting the binding of 5th3, we can decrease the sertonergic effects and sympathetic tone, thus reducing nasuea and vomiting.
730000106	Ondansetron is an antiemetic agent that acts as a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor. 5-HT3 receptor is a ligand-gated ion channel located in the CNS, enteric nervous system, pancreas, and liver and is bound in the body by its natural ligand serotonin to induce a conformational change (widening of channel) that allows the flow of Na+ or K+ into the cell. In the CNS, 5-HT3 is located on nuerons in the CNS specifically those associated with the vagal nerve. Serotonin acts as the major neurotransmitter for the vagal nerve. Upon recognition of noxious substances, the CNS via the vagal nerve and the chemoreceptor trigger zone using the neurotransmitter serotonin acting on 5-HT3 receptors interact with the area postrema and the VTS to stimulate further neruotransmission with the brainstem and forebrain to induce the feeling of nausea and vommitting. The influx of ions via the 5-HT3 channel induces a change in membrane potential (depolarization) to allow for further electrical propagation of the nerve impulses stimulated by the chemoreceptor trigger zone and other noxious stimuli. Ondansetron binds to 5-HT3 receptor and prevents the binding of serotonin. Such prevention, stops the influx of Na+ ions into the neuron and therefore prevents signaling. Ondansetron acts to block nueral signaling in the chemoreceptor trigger zone as well as in the periphary at vagal nerve endings to treat chemoinduced nausea and vommitting.
720543380	Ondansetron is reversible, otherosteric antagonist that is used to block the 5HT-3R which is a ligand gated receptor. The target respons to 5HT or serotonin and is located in the chemoreceptrive trigger zone of the Area Postemia (AP) in the CNS as well as the effernt nerves of the entertic nervous system. Normally, when responding to serotonin, the 5HT-3 receptors in the CNS indues naseua and vomting signals from the AP to be transmitted to the NTS and cause efferent nerves to fire that allow the muscle contractions needed for vomiting. This is normally in response to a chemical singal that is meant to induce vomiting, and these receptors transmit this signal by opening ion channels which depolarize the cell and transmit signals. Ondansetron (Zofran) is used to block these receptors and prevent cells from becoming polarized, and thus reducing singals to the body to vomit. This is used to reduced chemotherapy or sickness induced nausea and vomiting.
720498432	ondansetron is a competitive reversible inhibitor of 5-HT3 ligand gated ion channel which is located in chemoreceptor trigger zone and the enteric and vagal nerves. Normally, the 5HT-3 ligand gated ion channel opens to stimulate contractility and vagal nerve imbalance. As an antagonist, it blocks the channel from opening thus preventing contractility and prevent chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730305293	Ondansetron (Zofran) is an orthosteric antagonist for the 5-HT3 receptor, which is a ligand gated ion channel in the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the CNS. 5-HT3 can also be found in the enteric nervous system generally below the site of a food bolus. Normally histamine would be secreted from ECL cells in the presence of food in the intestines which would then travel up vagal afferent nerves to the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the CNS. This causes the 5-HT3 ligand gated ion channel to change conformation and open allowing more ions to flow through. This leads to depolarization in this area of the CNS and can cause expression of nausea in relation to chemotherpy therapy. 5-HT3 receptors in the enteric nervous system bind nitric oxide and prevent contraction of smooth muscle below the food bolus. The therapuetic acitivities of Ondansetron include decreased feelings of nausea from chemotherapy due to decreased activation of 5-HT3 ligand gated ion channels in the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the CNS. It also leads to more contractions in the smooth muscle below the site of the food bolus; which are uncoordinated from the sympathetic contractions above and lead to increased G.I. motility decreasing the vomiting reflex.
730011523	Ondenasetron (Zofran) is a comptitive inhibitor of 5-HT3 that is normally activated by serotonin. Receptors for 5-HT3 are found in smooth muscle cells, the enteric nervous system and presynaptic neurons of the central nervous system. These receptors pass information to the medulla oblongata and are part of the vestibular system and help the body detect its 3D orientation in space. 5-HT3 also causes relaxation of smooth muscle in the GI tract when activated to help in peristalsis and the moving the food bolus through the intestines. Ondansetron is used to prevent CINV by inhibiting the action of 5-HT3. By inhibiting rexlaxation of the smooth muscle of the intestines food is quickly passed through the GI tract. By decreasing the amount of time food is present it prevents the patient from being able to regurgitate their stomach contents, this also decreases the amount of stomach acid secreted. Reducing signals sent to the CNS through 5-HT3, moving food out of the GI tract, and decreasing gastric acid secretion CINV symptoms should be relieved.
730335668	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the H1 receptor in the CNS. The H1 receptor is normally activated by histamine to promote neurotransmission that initiates GI smooth muscle cell contraction, causing emesis. Ondansetron binds the receptor to prevent activation of the receptor by histamine, thus inhibiting activation of G alpha s and preventing an increase in cAMP. This prevents neurotransmitters from being released, preventing the nervous signaling that causes nausea and vomiting.
730003873	Ondansetron is a competitive, orthosteric antagonist of the 5HT-3R located on inhibitory neurons in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. In normal physiology, serotonin binds to the 5HT-3R, opening the ion channel and allowing for depolarization of these nerons. When these neurons are depolarized, it leads to inhibition of normal GI motility, allowing for the reverse contractility necessary for vomiting. Ondansetron antagonizes the 5HT3R ion channel, preventing depolarization of these inhibitory neurons, allowing for normal GI motility. Normal GI contractility prevents the reverse contraction associated with vomiting, so ondansetron is preventative against vomiting, especially post-operative N&amp;V and chemotherapy associated N&amp;V.
730338780	Ondansetron (Zofran) is an orthosteric Serotonin 5-HT3 Receptor Antagonist targeting the 5-HT3 receptor in post-synaptic neurons in the vestibular CNS. This receptor is normally a ligand-gated sodium channel that binds serotonin and increases passage of ions through the membrane. This influx of ions in the CNS can lead to nausea and vomiting and inhibition of this ligand-gated sodium channel by ondensetron (Zofran) can relieve these symptoms. Secondarily, this drug causes the release of ACh neurotransmitters which bind to portions of the GI tract, causing uncoordinated contractions. While this may seem counterintuitive this actually prevents vomiting by causing uncoordinated contractions of the GI tract.
730309028	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the serotonin receptor 5-HT3 located in the enteric neurons associated with vagal afferent inhibitory effects (also dopaminergic receptors in the area postrema, the chemoreceptor trigger zone). Normally, the endogenous ligand serotonin would bind to the 5-HT3 receptor and couple with G-alpha q to stimulate increased calcium ions into the cell, which activates MLCK, which activates smooth muscle contraction within the GI tract. By binding to 5-HT3 at the vagal afferent location, ondansetron reduces smooth muscle cell contraction, leading to increased GI movement thus reducing physical attributes of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. The decreases in stimulation of the dopaminergic receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone lead to reduce signaling to the brain, which reduces the neuronal stimulation for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730337566	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric inhibitor of the 5-HT3 ion channel found in the enteric nervous system. In normal physiology, the 5-HT3 channel allows for ion exchange at synapses when the body is treated with chemotherapy, exposing foreign subtances and chemicals in the body and activating the enteric nervous system to induce nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron inhibits this ion channel to prevent the enteric nervous system from detecting that there are foreign substances in the body and preventing nausea and vomiting.
730305078	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5HT3 receptor in neurons of the chemoreceptor area of the brain (the area postrama/AP) and the neurons associated with the distal portion of the GI tract. Normally, serotonin (or 5HT) binds to these receptors in the brain to activate/send out vomiting signals. In the distal GI tract, neurons with 5HT3 receptor bound by serotonin are induced to release acetylcholine that then acts on muscarinic cholinergic 3 receptors to induce relaxation that allows a food bolus to move forward. As a 5HT3 antagonist, ondansetron binds the receptor to block serotonin activity and induces anti-emetic effects through reduced emesis-signalling from the AP and blocking of distal GI relaxation associated most frequently with chemotherapy-induced or post-operative nausea and vomiting.
730341594	Ondansetron (or Zofran) is a competitive and reversible antagonist at the 5-HT3 receptor located on the myenteric plexus. The 5-HT3 receptor affects the central and enteric nervous systems. It is normally activated by serontonin, which is secreted by enterochromaffin-like cells. Activation at the 5-HT3 receptor by serotonin stimulates the chemoreceptor trigger zone and assists with the peristalsis relex in the GI tract (aids in digestion). Ondansetron is used to treat chemotherapy-induced, post-operative and radiation-induced nausea and vomiting. The mechanism of action for ondansetron is that it blocks activation of the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the area of postrema as well as prevents acetylcholine response from intestinal tissues involved in gastrointestinal motility (slows gastric emptying). This causes a reduction in nausea and vomiting for the patient.
720433193	The brand name of the generic, ondansetron is Zofran. It works on the 5HT3 Na+/K+ ion channel as a competitive, selective, reversible antagonist. Normally, serotonin stimulates the channel for the Na+/K+ ion channel located on the vagus nerve and the chemoreceptor trigger zone (in CNS) through neurotransmission which later relays the information to the AP site (vomiting center) to cause nausea and vomiting. However, since ondansetron works antagonistically on this ion channel, serotonin cannot bind and stimulate the ion channel and this helps to prevent chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730005239	Ondansetron (Zofran) is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the serotonin 5-HT3 receptor, which is located in the cells of the CNS and ENS. The serotonin 5-HT3 receptor is a serotonin gated ion channel. Normally, the Na+ K+ ion channel is activated when serotonin binds, allowing Na+ and K+ (cations) to flow in, leading to cell depolarization. The cell depolarization can then stimulate the chemoreceptor trigger zone. Ondansetron inhibits serotonin release, thus the serotonin gated ion channel does not open to allow Na+ and K+ to flow in and the cell does not depolarize. Since the cell cannot depolarize, the stimualtion to the chemoreceptor trigger zone is halted and this allows ondansetron to treat chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730014075	Ondansetron is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3R receptor which is located on neurons within the ENS. 5-HT3R&#39;s role in normal physiology (once bound by ligand) is to send vagal afferent signals to the CNS, produce NO, and stimulate distal contraction of the GI tract. Ondansetron acts as an antagonist of this process which prevents signals from being transmitted and causes distal relaxation of the GI tract. This relaxation-effect is used to treat chemotherapy-induced neusea and vomiting by preventing food from moving up towards the esophagus.
730009068	Ondansetron (brand name Zofran) is a reversible, competitive antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor. The 5-HT3 receptor is an ion channel located in the peripheral vagal afferent nerves and centrally in the chemotherapy receptor trigger zone. Normally, the 5-HT3 receptor controls the release of hydrogen and potassium ions to bind serotonin and activate distal relaxation of the gastrointestinal tract. When ondansetron binds the 5-HT3 receptor, it is antiemetic, inhibiting distal relaxation and preventing nausea and vomiting associated with surgical procedures, chemotherapy, and radiology.
730081905	Ondansetron is a selective, competitive, and reversible 5-HT3R antagonist. 5-HT3R is a pentameric ligand gated ion channel located in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema. Normally, 5-HT3R binds its endogenous agonist, serotonin, to become activated and allow Na+ and K+ ions to flow through the channel creating cellular depolarization through ion dissipation. Acting as an antagonist,ondansetron blocks the 5-HT3R from becoming activated and prevents cellular depolarization, so nausea and vomiting signals cannot be transmitted. This reduces nausea and vomiting for the treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV).
730012332	Ondansetron (zofran) is an anti-emetic, 5HT3R antagonist, the drugs target is 5HT3R which is located throughout the body such as central nervous system, vagal afferent and the GI. In normal physiology in the GI tract serotonin will bind to 5HT3R this results in antagonistic activity in which the distal smooth muscles in the intestine relax in order to increase GI motility, 5HT3R will also communicate with the area postrema (medulla oblongata) which is the chemoreceptor trigger zone, via the vagal afferent nerve in order to send signals about emetic agents ciriculating in the blood and cause nausea and vommiting. In order for this to occur ondansetron must bind to 5HT3 receptor in order to inhibit serotonin from binding and the ion channel from passing any sodium or potassium ions that will cause the neuron to depolarize and inhibiting this depolarization will prevent signals being sent to the chemoreceptor trigger zone which will reduce chemothereapy induced nausea and vomitting, this will also create GI stasis, creating conditions that will not allow emesis to occur.
730351906	ondansetron (Zofran) is a competitive, reversible inhibitor. The drug&#39;s target and its location is a 5-HT3 receptor found on smooth muslce cells, enteric cells, and postsynaptic CNS vagal neurons. The target role&#39;s normal physiology is for serotonin to bind the 5-HT3 receptors which slows gastric emptying and increases smooth muscle relaxation. The physiological outcome is it inhibits D2R involved in neurotransmission in enteric and vagal nerves, it blocks serotonin from binding 5-HT3 receptors which causes an increase in gastric emptying without affecting gastric secretions. It decreases cholinergic serotonergic pathways in the GI tract and increases CNS serotonergic pathways.
730012793	Ondansetron is a selective serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist that acts reversibly and orthosterically on the 5-HT3 receptor located in the CNS and the ENS. Normally, serotonin binds to the 5-HT3 receptor that is a part of a ligand-gated ion channel and causes the channel to open. When the channel opens, action potentials are sent to the chemoreceptor zone in the brain, activating nausea and vomitting signals. When ondansetron binds to the 5-HT3 receptor, it prevents the channel from opening and thus, does not allow chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting to propregate from the CNS. As a result, individuals do not experience nausea and vomiting.
720501213	(1) Ondansetron is a reversible ion channel inhibitor. (2) It targets the 5-HT3 ion channels in the area of postrem and the GI track. (3) In n
730339832	Ondansetron is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the 5-HT3R located within neurons of the myenteric plexus and vagal nerve fibers. Under normal physiological conditions, serotonin is released from enterochromaffin cells of the intestine as food passes through the lumen of the gut. Serotonin then binds and activates the 5-HT3R, opening the ion channel and allowing for flux of Na+ and K+ that stimulates action potentials to signal to the CNS. The response to this is downstream smooth muscle relaxation in the gut that allows for coordinated peristaltic contractions to propel food forwards through the GI tract. In treating CINV, ondansetron inhibits the neurotransmitting activity of 5-HT3R to signal to the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the CNS, ultimately increasing gut contractility while decreasing the coordination of peristalsis.
730300837	Ondansetron (Zofran) is an antiemetic and 5-HT3R antagonist. It reversibly and orthosterically antagonizes the effect of 5-HT3 receptors in the central nervous system chemoreceptor trigger zone and on vagal afferents to the enteric nervous system. In normal physiology, 5-HT3 receptors bind serotonin. In the central nervous system, this is in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema where emetic stimuli, like chemotherapy drugs, are sensed and information is sent to the nucleus tractus solitarius where the vomiting reflex is coordinated. On vagal afferents to the enteric nervous system, binding of serotonin causes 5-HT3 receptors, which are ligand-gated ion channels, to open and the result is inhibition of mACh receptors and release of nitric oxide. This in turn results in distal smooth muscle relaxation of the gastrointesinal tract, allowing food to move forward. This signaling is also important for the coordination of contraction and relaxation in the GI tract for the vomiting reflex. Therefore, ondansetron antagonizing and preventing this signaling of vagal afferents to the enteric nervous systems decouples the necessary contractions and relaxations in the vomit reflex, thereby preventing it. In the central nervous system, ondansetron antagonizing 5-HT3 receptors prevents signaling from the chemoreceptor trigger zone to the nucleus tractus solitarius, where the vomiting reflex is coordinated, and the mid- and forebrains, where nausea is perceived.
730169512	ondansetron is a 5-HT3 selective competitive antagonist. The drug targets 5-HT3 receptors on the vagal afferents in the stomach and on the chemoreceptor trigger zone, which is found in the medulla. Normally, when there are antimetic agents present in the blood that leads to the release of serotonin the stomach, which then relays the message peripherally through the vagal afferent neurons that send the message to NTS, which then leads thte message to be sent to the chemorepector trigger zone, and eventually stimulates nausea and vomiting. Antimetic agents can also stimulate the recepotrs on NTS becuase it is found outside the blood brain barrier part of the medulla. From there that can also leads to the stimulation of the chemorecepotor trigger zone, and eventually lead to vomiting reflex and the feeling of nausea. This usually occurs with patients undergoing chemotherapy. ondansetron acts periopherally on the vagal afferent nerves to stop the messages from reaching the chemoreceptor trigger zone. It also acts centrally on the chemoreceptor trigger zone by blocking the stimulation of vomiting and nausea in patients undergoing chemotherapy.
730004785	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5HT3 receptor located in the CNS and ENS. Normally, serotonin binds to 5HT3 which is coupled with Galpha S which leads to conversion of cGMP to GMP. This causes GI movement and contraction. Ondansetron is used as an anti emetic typically in patients that just had surgery or those receiving chemotherapy treatment as ondansetron blocks the binding of serotonin to 5HT3 receptors which stops the neurotransmission to the vesitubular nuclei in the chemo trigger zone. This ultimately inhbits the GI contractions that are necessary for emesis.
730338642	Ondansetron, or Zofran, acts as an orthostatic reversible antagonist of Serotonin 5-HT4 Receptors in the CNS as well as the stomach through GPCR signaling of G-alpha q subunit. Normally, the 5-HT4 receptor acts to activate the chemoreceptor trigger zone as well as induce nausea and vomiting in the stomach by smooth muscle contraction needed to induce emesis. As an antagonist of this pathway, there is a reduction of smooth muscle contraction in the stomach. Also, by blocking the emetic signal, the CNS chemoreceptor trigger zone is unable to be activated thereby preventing the action of emesis. This drug is typically used for post-operative and chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730305018	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a selective, orthosteric, reversible antagonist for the 5HT3 receptor which is a ligand-gated ion channel found normally in enteric neurons. Serotonin is the endogenous ligand and its binding causes stimulation of vagal afferents which leads to inhibitory neurotransmission that attenuates distal smooth muscle cell contraction in the GI tract and also mediates neurotransmission in the area postrema. Ondansetron treats drug-induced nausea and vomiting by blocking serotonin both peripherally in the vagal nerve terminals and centrally in the area postrema which is known as the chemoreceptor trigger zone.
730308957	(1) Ondansetron (Zofran) is a orthosteric, reversible antagonist of HT3R. (2) Ondansetron targets HT3R, located primarily in the GI tract (3) Normally, serotonin binds to HT3R in the GI tract to close ligand Na/K channels, which causes the cell to depolarize. This sends signals through the chemoreceptor trigger zone which is indicative of N&amp;V. (4) Ondansetron inhibits serotonin binding on HT3R, which blocks the signals through the chemoreceptor trigger zone that induces N&amp;V associated with chemotherapy.
730300665	Ondansetron (Zofran) is an antagonist of the selective 5-HT3 receptor, a type of histamine receptor that induces symptoms of nausea and vomiting by releasing serotonin that stimulates contractions in the GI tract. The drug binds orthosterically to ligand-gated channels (5-HT3) to stop chemoreceptor signaling in the postrema. It does this by inhibiting vagal afferent nerve signaling. Ondansetron&#39;s target (the selective 5-HT3 receptor) usually releases serotonin to stimulate contraction smooth muscle cells. Once signaling is stopped by the drug, symptoms of nausea and vomitting are reduced because gastric emptying is stimulated.
730090428	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a 5-HT3R irreversible antagonist. The drug&#39;s target is the 5-HT3 receptor found in the CNS and ENS. The target&#39;s role in normal physiology is to signal to the chemoreceptor trigger zone and neurotransmission in vagal nerves to cause nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron binds to the 5-HT3 receptor to blocks the effects of dopamine and serotonin on the vagal nerves and chemoreceptor trigger zone in order to redude nasuea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy, radiation, and post-operation.
730356527	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a competitive reversible antagonist of the D2 receptor (D2R) which is located in enteric cells and vagal nerves. Normally when this receptor is bound, it stimulates the feeling of nausea and the vomiting reflex. When ondansetron binds to it&#39;s receptor, it stimulates the secretion of the neurotransmitter serotonin, which acts to contract the intestins behind the movement of the bolus. It also stimulates the release of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine which acts to relax the intestines in front of the bolus to allow it to pass through. These actions together help keep food moving through the digestive tract at a slower rate as well as preventing the vomit reflex.
730013843	Ondansetron is a reversible orthosteric antagonist. The drug target of ondansetron is the 5-HT3 receptor, which is a Na+/K+ ion channel expressed in the area prostrema and nucleus tractus solitarius, as well as afferent neurons of the CNS. In normal physiology, serotonin (5HT) binds to the 5-HT3 receptor and stabilizes the open conformation of the Na+/K+ ion channel permiting net cationic influx into the cell and subsequent depolarization of afferent CNS neurons, which stimulates non-adrenergic non-cholinergic (NANC) neurons, which subsequently permits relaxation of distal smoooth muscles surrounding the GI tract that play an important role in the coupled motions of peristalsis. Acting as an orthosteric antagonist, ondansetron prevents the stabilization of the Na+/K+ ion channel open conformation, causing the Na+/K+ ion channel to close, preventing depolarization of the afferent CNS neurons and preventing the NANC inhibitory signaling which is responsible for distal relaxation, therefore permiting distal smooth muscle contraction in the GI tract which uncouples the persistaltic motions, which prevents the contractive motion necessary for vomiting while also acting as a GI prokinetic.
730094799	Ondansetron is an agonist of 5HT4 receptors found in neurons of the central nervous system and smooth muscle cells of the GI tract. Seratonin is normally secreted by gastric cells and binds the seratonin receptors which are GPCRs coupled to g-alpha-q. The binding leads to an increase in IP3/DAG/Ca and MLCK which promotes smooth muscle contraction on the distal side of the food bolus. Ondansetron occupies the seratonin receptor to promote peristalsis and gastric emptying. Ondansetron also prevents the transmission of emetic signals to the chemoreceptors in the area postrema which both prevent chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730340514	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor found on vagal afferent neurons and neurons in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema in the CNS. Normally, serotonin (5-HT) binds to the pentameric ligand-gated ion channel (5-HT3) causing the channel to open and allowing Na+ and K+ ions to flow freely, resulting in depolarization of the post-synaptic neuron and signal transduction. As an antagonist of the 5-HT3R, ondansetron prevents serotonin from binding to and activating the ion channel, thereby reducing signal transduction in the chemoreceptor trigger zone associated with nausea and vomiting induced by chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or surgery. Antagonistic activity of 5-HT3R on the vagal afferent neurons prevents the release of ACh from post-synaptic neurons to prevent GI smooth muscle contraction required for emesis.
730004256	Ondansetron is a 5-HT 3 receptor antagonist that binds reversibly to the 5-HT 3 pentameric ligand gated ion channel on neurons of the central and enteric nervous system. In normal physiology, serotonin binds to the 5-HT 3 receptor activating it by allowing for the ligand gated ion channel to open for ion exchange. There is a signal sent to the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the central nervous system as well as a signal for proximal relaxation on the distal end of the bolus. Ondansetron acts as an antagonist which does not allow for serotonin to bind to 5-HT 3 and activate the ion channel. Therefore, there is no neurotransmission to the central nervous system and the chemoreceptor zone to stimulate nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron is specificaly used for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting as well as radioactive-induced and post-operative induced nausea and vomiting.
720158983	Ondansetron is an orthosteric 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. Ondansetron targets 5-HT3 receptors on vagal nerves as well as in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema. Normally, when serotonin binds to a 5-HT3 receptor on the vagal nerves, it activates a ligand gated ion channel that causes the release of nitric oxide and stimulates relaxation of the smooth muscle cells which line the intestines. In the chemoreceptor zone, binding of serotonin results in feelings of nausea and can induce vomiting. By inhibiting serotonin from binding in both of these areas, ondansetron reduces symptoms of nausea and vomiting.
730364730	Ondansetron is also known as Zofran. It is an agonist of ligand-gated 5HT3 receptors that are found in the CNS and bind reversibly to the orthosteric site. Normally, serotonin will bind to 5HT3 and will bind to ligand-gated ion channel to keep it in its closed state. Since the channel is closed it will help supress symptoms of nausea and vomiting. The agonist Ondansetron will basically activate the 5HT3 receptor the same way. The closed state of the channel also causes voltage gated calcium channels to open, which leads to a high concentration of calcium to bind to calmodulin. The calcium calmodulin complex will activate MLCK which will stimulate contraction in smooth muscle cells. This will help gastric emptying which can also supress symptoms with nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron is used in many chemotherapy and radiation treatments.
730304969	Ondansetron is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of 5-HT3 receptor on vagal afferent neurons of the ENS and in the CNS chemorecepotor trigger zone. When food enters the digestive tract, it will stimulate the release of serotonin which binds to 5-HT3 receptors on vagal afferent neurons and sends signals to neuron in the CNS to release Nitric oxide (inhibitory neurotransmitter). The NO will then prevent cholinergic contraction of the smooth muscle cells and allow for the passage of the food bolus. Ondansetron is an antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptors and prevents the binding of serotonin to 5-HT3 receptors. As a result, the release of NO is inhibited and so NO will not act to relax smooth muscle cells of the GI tract. Therefore, ondansetron is an antiemetic drug used to treat nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy.
730338011	Ondansetron (Zofran) is an orthosteric, reversible 5-HT3 ion channel inhibitor. It targets the 5-HT3 H+/K+ ion channel, which is located in the synapses between the enteric and parasympathetic neurons in gastrointestinal smooth muscle cells. In normal physiology, histamine binds to the 5-HT3 ion channel and opens the channel, which relays signals to the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the CNS via the vagal nerve and leads to feelings of nausea and vomiting. When irritants, such as chemotherapeutic drugs, are introduced into the body, it can trigger this pathway. Ondansetron prevents histamine binding to the 5-HT3 ion channel, thereby preventing ion flow and stopping signaling transmission to the CNS. This reduces the nausea and vomiting typically caused by chemotherapy.
730364567	Ondansetron is an inhibitor of the 5-HT3 receptor. Ondansetron acts as an antiemetic drug and targets the descending vagal afferent nerve that acts to relax the distal GI tract. Normally, with the presence of food, serotonin is released and binds to 5-HT3 receptor, resulting in relaxation of the distal GI tract. Ondansetron also has effects in the vestibular nuclei and acts to inhibit the signals that cause nausea and vomiting.
730301186	Ondansetron is an antagonist of the 5-HT3 ion channel. The ion channel is serotonin gated and located in CNS. The ion channel is responsible for neurotransmission in the central nervous system chemoreceptor trigger zone, as well as the enteric nervous system for smooth muscle regulation distal to the food bolus in peristalsis. In normal physiology the ion channel helps to depolarize neurons in response to serotonin to transmit signals. Ondansetron prevents the ion channels from closing in response to serotonin to depolarize neurons and transmit signal. This prevents chemorecptor trigger zone signaling related to nausea. The signal through the enteric nervous system decouples peristalsis, promoting relaxation of smooth muscle distal to the bolus helping it move through the GI tract having an antiemetic role.
730345314	Ondansetron also know comercially as Zofran is a 5-HT3 competitive reversible receptor antagonist. The drugs target and location is in the smooth muscle cells in the digestive tract and also in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (Enteric and Vagal Nerve). Normally serotonin binds to the 5-HT3 receptor which stimulates vagal nerve activity inducing nausea and vomiting. Inhibition of the chemoreceptor trigger zone causes that emetic agents in the stream not to be detected and inhibition in the GI tract ensures that food is moving to the right direction and not causing vomiting.
730306008	Ondansetron is a reversible antagonist of 5-HT3R. 5-HT3R is a pentameric ligand-dependent ion channel located in enteric neurons and CNS neurons in chemoreceptor trigger zone of area postrema. Serotonin is the endogenous agonist of the 5-HT3R receptor. When bound to serotonin, 5-HT3R depolarizes neurons in the afferent vagal nerve and reduces contractility in GI, causing GI stasis, nausea, and vomiting. As an antagonist, ondansetron supresses the depolarization of neurons to avoid signal transmission that causes nausea and vomitting, and allows GI contraction to return to normal and migitate nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy.
730170040	Ondansetron (brand: Zofran) is an orthosteric reversible antagonist of the 5-HT3 nuclear receptors located in the CNS and the ENS. Serotonin, or 5-HT3, normally binds to the 5-HT3 nuclear receptor located on these nerve cells to start emesis signaling and slow down movement of the bolus in preparation for vomiting. Ondansetron blocks this action by blocking the 5-HT3 nuclear receptor, which helps in preventing post-operative nausea and vomiting and CINV by blocking this receptor and increasing GI motility and peristalsis of the food into the right direction and also stoppping the emesis signaling that is normally triggered.
730335117	Ondansetron is an reversible, orthosteric antagonist of 5HT3, which is a ligand-gated Na/K channel locating in CNS and enteric neuron. Normally serotonin binds to 5HT3, stablilize open conformation to let sodium and potasium flow in through protein core, which leads to depolarization and thus activates vomit signaling in chemoreceptor trigger zone in area postrema, and muscle relaxation in distal intestine to let food bolus pass. As an inhibitor, ondansetron inhibits 5HT3 and supress depolarization, thus inhibit vomit singaling in chemoreceptor zone in area postrema, and increase GI contractility to reduce reverse contractions that cause emesis.
730075914	Ondansetron is a reversible, competitive 5HT-3 receptor antagonist which are receptors found on SMC in the GI tract and neurons in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. The 5-HT3 recepetor is a Na+/K+ ion channel that is normally activated by the binding of serotonin which causes increased neurotransmission in the area postrema (AP). This increase in neurotransmission leads to an increase in signalling in the vestibular system which causes nausea and vomiting. By blocking the ion channel, ondansetron decreases the neurotransmission that leads to CINV.
730300294	Ondansetron, or Zofran, is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of 5-HT3 receptor. Normally, serotonin activates this receptor which leads to signalling through the CNS to the vestibular nuclei to induce feelings of nausea and vomitting. Ondansetron blocks the binding of serotonin to these receptors in the CNS and blocks the neurotransmission necessary to activate the chemoreceptors in the VNS.
730296888	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of 5HT-3 receptors found in the enteric cells of gut. Normally, endogenous serotonin binds 5HT-3 to induce afferent CNS communication with the nausea/vomiting centers in the brain, promoting emesis. Because ondansetron blocks 5HT-3 activity, it reduces any such neurotransmission, thereby reducing nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy.
730222792	Ondansetron is a 5HT4 inhibitor that blocks binding of the natrual ligand sertonin. Normally, sertonin binds to 5HT4 receptors found within the ENS and vagal efferent nerves to stimulate smooth muscle relaxation in the GI tract. When odansetron binds and inhibits the receptor it induces smooth contraction in the GI tract to cause increase GI motility and gastric emptying to keep food moving along the intestines in the correct direction.
730014819	Ondansetron is an antagonist of 5HT3R. 5HT3R is a ligand-gated ion channel in vagal afferents located in the GI tract and CNS in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema. Normally, binding of serotonin activates the receptor to stimulate vagal afferents and inhibitory neurotransmission that attenuates distal contraction in peristalsis. By preventing serotonin binding, ondansetron increases contractility and decreases coordination to reduce the symptoms of nausea and vomiting as a result of chemotherapy.
730000406	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5HT3 receptor, which is located on neurons in the chemotrigger zone. Normally, serotonin binds to 5HT3 and signals through G-alpha Q to increase calcium levels and stimulate MLCK. MLCK stimulates myocin, which causes smooth muscle contraction that causes chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. As a 5HT3-R antagonist, ondansetron prevents serotonin from binding to 5HT3R and thus, prevents this pathway from being stimulated, which helps to treat chemo-therapy induced nausea and vomiting.
730336626	Ondansetron (Zofran) is an agonist of the 5-HT3 seratonin channel, and a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT4 serotonin receptor, both targets are located in the intestines. In normal physiology when food enters the GI tract, the bolus is pushed along via paristalsis waves through the intestines and eventually leaves the body through the rectum. This is done by a complex timing of signals through the chemoreceptor trigger region that stimulates either the 5-HT3 channel to create contraction of the smooth muscle behind the food bolus, or the 5-HT4 receptor to sitmulate relaxation of the smooth muscle in front of the food bolus. In the situation of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV), the channel/receptor complex stimulation is not able to respond appropriately, and causes persistant N/V. Treatment of Ondansetron allows for stimulation of hte 5-HT3 channel, which allows for increased intracellular calcium concentrations, leading to increased myosin light chain kinase (MLCK) activity, and smooth muscle contraction. Ondansetron is also an reversible orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT4 receptor. This blocks the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor, which leads to decreased levels of intracellular calcium, decreased MLCK activity, and smooth muscle relaxation. This allows the GI system to resume it&#39;s normal peristalsis wave, and attenuates CINV.
730163464	Ondansetron (Brand name: Zofran) is a 5HT-3R antagonist. The drug target is found in gastric cells and across the CNS. It works to treat CINV and PONV because by blocking the serotonin receptor, it decreases the seratogenic effect of the chemo trigger response and slows gastric emptying.
730309616	Ondansetron is a selective, orthosteric, reversible 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. The target is ligand-gated 5-HT3 receptors in the small intestine. Normally, serotonin binds to 5-HT3 receptors and causes signal firing through the CNS to cause increased constriction of the intestines in front of the food bolus. When ondansetron binds to 5-HT3 receptors, it prevents signaling through the CNS which causes relaxation of the intestines in front of the food bolus and allows the food to pass through the digestive tract more quickly which can reduce nausea.
730004713	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible competitive antagonist for the serotonin 5-HT3 receptor. The 5-HT3 receptor is located on smooth muscle and is in the vagal afferent nerve pathway of the CNS. 5-HT3R is a GPCR coupled to a G alpha s protein, therefore, when activated, adenylyl cyclase is activated, which increases cAMP, which activates myosin light chain kinase (MLCK), activates myosin, and causes smooth muscle contraction in the proximal portion of the gastrointestinal tract. When bound by an antagonist, such as ondansetron, the GPCR is not activated, and so smooth muscle contraction is reduced, which enhances gastric motility and accelerates gastric emptying to treat CINV.
730324249	Ondansetron (Zofran) is used to treat chemotherapy induced naseau and vomiting by acting as an antagonist and targeting the serotonin 5 - HT3 receptor at the chemo sensing portion of the central nervous system. Normally, the serotonin 5-HT3 receptor is activated by serotonin to open an ion channel to allow the second messenger ions to signal and activate nausea and vomiting. By acting as an antagonist, ondansetron closes the ion chanels opened by activation of serotonin 5-HT3 receptors to stop the signalling and suppress chemotherapty induced nausea and vomiting.
730305081	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible 5HT-3 antagonist. The drug targets the ion channel (5HT3) located at the vagal neurons of the CNS. Normally, serotonin is the endogenous agonist which activates 5HT3, resulting in stimulation of the CNS that causes the feelings of nausea. As an antagonist, ondansetron blocks serotonin&#39;s activity at 5HT3, reducing the CNS stimulation that causes feelings of nausea. Thus, nausea symptoms related to motion sickness are alleviated with the drug.
730338500	1) The pharmacologic role of ondansetron is a reversible orthotesteric antagonist of the 2) 5HT3 Receptor located in the ENS. 3) The target&#39;s normal role in physiology is to bind serotonin and cause vestibular signaling to the AP chemoreceptor-trigger zone in the CNS to stimulate emesis. 4) When serotonin is blocked from binding, the 5HT3 receptor can no longer signal for emesis to the CNS by the vagal nerve and blocks the feeling of nausea. It also causes contractility of muscles in the lower GI tract to stimulate gastric motility and emptying. This allows for the suppression of emesis.
730013201	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of 5-HT3 receptors, located in CNS neurons and ENS vagal afferent neurons. Normally, serotonin binds and activates 5-HT3Rs, which are ligand-gated channel that, upon activation, sends signals via vagal afferent neurons to stimulate cholinergic contraction of distal GI SMCs and sends neurotransmission to vestibular nuclei in the area postrema (AP). Ondansetron blocks 5-HT3R activation, thereby relaxing the distal GI SMCs and preventing neurotransmission to AP, both of which reduce CINV.
720517743	Ondansetron is a competitive, orthosteric, reversible inhibitor of the 5-HT3 receptor for serotonin. This receptor is found along in vagal afferent neurons. During normal physiology, serotonin (5-HT3) binds to this receptor which causes a pore within the receptor&#39;s 5 subunits to open, creating a channel that allows Na+ and K+ to flow into the cell. This causes depolarization of the neuron which sends a signal to the area postrema, &quot;chemoreceptor effector site.&quot; The area postrema receives this signal and relays the information to the brainstem which induces nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron inhibits the binding of serotonin to the 5-HT3 receptor which stops the receptor from opening the ion channel, thus preventing signaling for nausea and vomiting.
730341519	Ondansetron(Zofran) is a selective, reversible, orthosteric 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. The 5-HT3 receptor is an ion channel serotonin receptor found in both the CNS and ENS, and specifically in the AP and vestibular nuclei. The 5-HT3 receptor normally plays a role in stability/spacial orientation as well as GI movement. Ondansetron blocks activation of 5HT3R in chemo trigger zones to reduce CINV.
730349484	Ondansetron is a serotonin-3 antagonist. It is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor.
730300545	Ondansetron works as a a competitive inhibitor in treating chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. The target and its location is ACE which is located and originates in the liver. The target&#39;s role in nomral physiology is that once Angiotensiongen is converted to Angiotensin 1, ACE converts Angiostensin 1 to Angiotensin 2. Angiotensin 2 is a precursor for many physiological effects. Odansetron is used to treat chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting by inhibiting ACE from converting Angiotensin 1 to Angiotensin 2. This causes a decrease in bradykinin which can cause nausea and vomiting.
730304972	Ondansetron is the API for the drug Zofran. Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5HT3 receptor (ligand channel). Ondansetron&#39;s target is typically located on enteric and central nervous system neurons. Normally, 5HT3 is activated by serotonin binding causing the dissipation of different ions through the channel. This dissipation of ions allows the ENS to transmit the vomiting signal to the vomiting reflex center in the CNS. Therefore, normally there is neurotransmission via vagal afferent neurons to produce the perception of nausea. Ondansetron is an antagonist so it blocks the normal activation of its receptor to treat chemotrherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV). By blocking the dissipation of various ions, ondansetron blocks the neurotranmission of the vomiting reflex signal to the CNS and helps prevent nausea/vomiting typically associated with chemotherapy.
730304973	1. Ondansetron is an 5HT3 receptor antagonist, reversible, and orthosteric. 2.. The drug target is the 5HT3 receptor and it is located in the CNS and ENS. 3. Serotonin is the endogenous ligand for the 5HT3 receptor, it uses ion channels (N+, K+ channels) to cause depolarization which leads to the CNS in the post synaptic neurons being activated. It activates the cholinergic pathway, which causes GI smooth muscle contractions. 4. As an antagonist it reduces the smooth muscle contractions occuring in the GI. This reduces nausea and vomitting in chemotherapy.
730012843	Ondansetron is a reversible, competitive inhibitor of the 5-HT3 receptor in the CNS and chemotrigger receptor zone. Normally, serotonin binds to the 5-HT3 receptor to produce an inhibitory effect, which can lead to decreased gastric motility. Ondansetron blocks serotonin from binding to the 5-HT3 receptor and antagonizes the receptor by producing an excitatory effect, leading to increased gastric motility and decreased nausea and vomiting.
730324303	1) Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric, competitive 5HT3 receptor antagonist 2) The drug&#39;s target is the 5HT3 seretonin ligand gated Na/K ion channel located on epithelial smooth muscle cells of the GI track and in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema 3) The target&#39;s role in normal physiology in the GI track is, when bound bind seretonin, the lingand gated ion channel is activated allowing influx of Na/K which depolarizes the smooth muscle cells of the GI track, sending signals via the affarent neurons to the CNS which releases nitric oxide leading to muscle relaxation of the distal part of the GI track. 5HT3 channels locating in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema are also associated with chemotherapy and post-operative nausea and vomitting. 4) By blocking 5HT3 channel, the drug prevents the release of nitric oxide thus preventing relaxation of the GI track. In addition, since the 5HT3 channels are also located in the area postrema, ondansetron also block neurotransmission in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema and prevents chemotherapy associated nausea, vomitting and post-operative nausea, vomitting
720451649	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the ligand-gated channel 5HT3 Receptor located in the post-synaptic CNS neurons in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the AP. Activation of the 5HT3R with serotonin produces a serotonergic signaling to induce nausea. When ondanesetron binds orthosterically to 5HT3R, it causes a conformational change, that causes the channel to close, and decreases serotonergic signaling to reduce and prevent chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730304974	Ondansetron is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor, located in the AP in the trigger zone. Normally, serotonin binds to the receptor which opens the ligand-gated ion channel to stimulate nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron blocks this receptor activity by preventing serotinin from binding, resulting in anti-emetic effects.
730020056	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of 5-HT3 receptors found on smooth muscle cells of the intestinal lumen. 5-HT3 receptors are Na+ and K+ ion channels that, upon activation, cause a signaling pathway to the brain that signals the smooth muscle cells to contract downstream of the area postremia, leading to increased food retention time and increased absorption of nutrients and chemicals. Ondansetron blocks this signaling, leading to smooth muscle relaxtion of the area postremia to allow for gastric emptying, reducing food retention time and reducing chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
720541446	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible, orthosteric 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. It targets 5-HT3 receptors, which are serotonin-gated ion channels, found in cells lining the vagal efferent neurons that end in the smooth muscles of the GI tract. The target&#39;s role is to stimulate distal relaxation of smooth muscles to aid peristalsis in moving food towards the anal side of the GI tract. Ondansetron inhibits 5-HT3 receptors to prevent distal relaxation of the smooth muscles in the GI tract in order to prevent an easy backflow of acidic/digestive juices towards the oral side of the GI tract.
730014494	Ondansetron is a selective 5-HT3 receptor antagonist that targets the 5-HT3 serotonin-gated ion channels in the GI tract. Normally, serotonin activates the 5-HT3 ion channel, opening the channel and allowing sodium and potassium to pass through which induces nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron prevents serotonin from opening the ion channels, which prevents the passage of the sodium and potassium that typically would cause nausea and vomiting, therefore reducing nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy.
730305979	Ondansetron is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of 5-HT3R. 5-HT3R is found on the enteric cells of the GI tract and on the cells of the CNS vestibular system. Normally, 5-HT3 modulates the neurotransmission of cells in the vestibular system. By inhibiting the binding of 5-HT3 to 5-HT3R, ondansetron blocks this neurotransmission, which decreases the sensation of CINV and RANV.
720401318	1. Antagonist 2. of the 5HT 3R on the enteric neurons 3. Serotonin usually binds to vagal inhibitory efferent neurons to stimulate Ca2+ to activate GI smooth muscle contraction 4. As an antagonist, ondansetron blocks serotonin from binding to reverse the GI conttaction that will cause vomitting. Acts as an antiemic.
730344044	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor which is found in both vestibular nuclei and nuclei in the ENS. Usually, the 5-HT3 receptor is stimulated by serotonin and is used as a neurotransmitters and is used in many events in both the CNS and the ENS. Ondansetron is used to block 5-HT3 signaling to inhibit vestibular neurotransmission and inhibit stimulation in the chemoreceptor trigger zone, which can help treat nausea, while also antagonizing the actions of the serotonin receptor in the distal GI tract, which inhibits the actions necessary for vomiting.
730342829	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible, orthostatic inhibitor of the serotonin receptor 5-HT3 in the intestines and GI tract. Under normal conditions, a food bolus passing through the intestines triggers parietal cells in the lumen and G cells to secrete serotonin. this serotonin activates the 5-HT3 recpetor, which is a Na/K ion channel, to increase cell depolarization and transmit a signal to the CNS via vagal nerves that there is food present in the lumen. Acetylcholine returns from the CNS and this causes contraction of the intestine. Ondansetron inhibits the binding of serotonin to the 5HT3 receptor orthosterically by inducing a conformational change to lock the target in its inactive conformation. After the 5HT3 sends a signal to the CNS via the vagal efferent nerves, Nitric Oxide returns and activates vasodilation in the intestines to aid distal relaxation. The reason why Ondansetron is indicated for use in treating chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting is because it signals to the Area Postrema on the CNS during vagal stimulation- chemotherapeutic effects are also housed in the Area Postrema. Decreased activation signaling to the area decreases the effects of CINV.
730361796	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of 5HT3 receptors (5HT3-R) located in the post synaptic enteric and CNS neurons. Normally, serotonine is the endogenous agonist of 5HT3-R which allow for Na+ and K+ to rush in and out of the cells leading to depolarization and neurotransmission, send signals through the enteric neurons that induce nausea and ignals are also sent through the CNS neurons to increase GI motility (contraction) which induce vomiting. Ondansetron inhibits the activation of 5HT3-R by serotonine, thereby reduing the neurotransmission of enteric neurons for nausea and CNS neurons for vomitting in treating chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomitting.
730009316	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a orthosteric, reversible, selective, antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor. The receptors are located in the CNS, ENS, liver, and pancreas. The normal role of this receptor is to send signals by opening it&#39;s ion channel to the distal GI tract via the chemoreceptor trigger zone to decrease contraction while maintaining coordination. The drug works by inhibiting the ion channel which then in turn sends a signal to the CNS (chemoreceptor trigger zone) which then sends it to the distal GI tract to increase contraction and decrease coordination. This causes the transit time through the distal GI tract to lengthen and lower the chances of experiencing nausea and vomiting.
730347896	Ondansetron is a treatment for CINV by being a 5HT3 orthosteric, reversible antagonist. 5HT3 is a ligand-ion gated receptor that normally leads to distal relaxation of the GI tract when food is detected and that is normally found on GI cells. The drug inhibits serotonin from binding and leads to the reduction of relaxation and treatment of CINV.
720461998	Ondansetron is an orthosteric, reversible 5HT3 antagonist. Usually, 5HT3 functions as a serotonin-gated ion channel in the CNS; in the context of ondansetron, it facilitates serotonergic signaling in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of vestibular nuclei as well as in SMC distal of a food bolus . Serotonin binding to 5HT3 in these regions facilitates signaling that leads to nausea and emesis. By blocking 5HT3 from changing into an open conformation, ondansetron is useful in treating post-operation and chemotherapy related N&amp;V.
730078207	Odansetron (Zofran) is a selective, orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the 5HT3-R which is located on the enteric and CNS neurons. 5HT3-R has serotonin as its endogenous ligand, which activates the receptor to allow depolarization in the neuron via the movement of Na+ and K+ through its pore. This depolarization leads to the transmission of neuronal signals for the reverse contractility associated with emesis. As an antagonist, the API lowers the activity at the 5HT3-R which results in the reduction of neurotransmissions for the GI contractility associated with emesis. This API is effective for the nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy, radiation treatments, and surgical procedures as it limits the neurotransmission to the body&#39;s chemoreceptor trigger zone.
730006868	Ondansetron is an reversible inhbitor of the 5-HT3 ion channel. The target for this drug is found in the CNS and ENS. In normal physiology, 5-HT3 ion channel&#39;s endogenous ligand is serotonin and binding of this causes activation of the vestbular nuclei and area postrema, which activate feelings nauesea and vomitting. There are also 5-HT3 ion channels in the enteric nervous system in the stomach, so when serotonin binds to these ion channels, muscle contraction can occur, resulting in upset stomach and potential vomitting. Inhibiting this ion channel aims to decrease the feelings of nausea and vvommiting assocated with chemotherapy by inhbiting the relaxation of the distal end of the enteric system while also inhbiting CNS effects via the VNU and AP that assocaite with the act of vomitting and nausea.
730363572	Ondansetron is a 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. It is a reversible, orthosteric, anatagonist that is used to treat nausea and vomiting most commonly in patients who are undergoing chemotherapy, radiation therapy, or post-surgical therapies. Its receptor is located in the smooth muscle cells of the gastrointestinal (GI) tract as well as in the ENS and CNS neuronal pathways, and is a ligand-gated ion channel. Normally, when serotonin binds to the channel, sodium and potassium enter the smooth muscle cells and cause the gastrointestinal smooth muscle cells to relax. In a normal person this helps food move through the GI tract at a normal rate. Also, when serotonin binds the receptor sends signaling to the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the area postrema that will contribute to the feeling of nausea. Since ondansetron is an antagonist of these actions, it will prevent serotonin from binding to the ligand-gated ion channel. This will cause the smooth muscles in the gastrointestinal tract to contract and the rhythm of the contractions to be somewhat sporadic. This helps patients with nausea and vomiting because it will help move the food down towards the anus rather than up towards the mouth. This will also not stimulate neurotransmissions to reach the area postrema, so feelings of nausea will be suppressed.
730364568	Ondansetron (Zofran) is an Inhibitor of the 5-HT3 Ion channel, which is located in Neurons in the myenteric plexus. Ions passing though this channel lead to depolarization of the cell and subsequent release of Acetylcholine That would cause smooth muscle contraction in the GI tract. Inhibiting this ion channel leads to decreased afferent signaling that is normally processed in the CNS as nasuea, and decreased efferent signaling to the smooth muscle of the GI tract which can help promote smooth muscle relaxation on the distal side of food bolus and promote gastric motility.
730363249	Ondansetron is a 5-HT3 orthosteric antagonist. Ondansetron targets 5-HT3 ligand gated channel ion receptors in the CNS, specifically in the chemo-trigger zone. Under normal conditions, serotonin acts on 5-HT3 by opening the ion channel to alter the electrochemical gradient to induce propagation of signals from the chemotrigger zone to the intestines. These normal effects in the CNS and the gut is what results in the feeling of nausea and vomiting, as induced by serotonin. So use of ondansetron on the 5-HT3 receptor antagonizes these effects so that there is no propagation of signal, due to the inhibition of ion channel opening, from the chemotrigger zone to the gut and feelings of nausea and vomiting are reduced.
730338781	Ondansetron is a orthosteric, reversible antagonist. Its target is 5-HT3 receptors and its location for CINV is neurons on the chemoreceptor trigger zone and in smooth muscle cells of the GI tract. The normal role of 5-HT3 is to activate the chemoreceptor trigger zone for an emesis response and is used in the GI tract for relaxation for the smooth muscle to assist in peristalsis. Antagonizing this target results in inhibition of the chemoreceptor trigger zone and contraction of smooth muscle in the GI tract which inhibit symptoms such as nausea and an emesis response which are characteristic of CINV.
730341595	1. Ondansetron (Zofran) is a orthosteric, reversible antagonist of 2. 5-HT3 receptors located on smooth muscle cells of GI (enteric nerves) and peripherally on vagal nerves.3. Normally, 5-HT3 is activated by endogenous ligand, Serotonin, that signals through pLGIC (Na+/K+ ion transporter) to send neurotransmission signals to GI smooth muscles, required for emesis.4. As 5-HT3 antagonist, Ondansetron inhibits neurotransmission signals and causes GI contractions that promote flow of food in the right direction. This prevents nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy.
730015219	Ondansetron (Zofran) is an orhosteric reversibile antagonist of the 5-HT3 ligand activated channel located in the GI tract and the CNS. Normally, serotonin activates the channel to open, which prompts the vagal afferent neurons to send a signal to the CNS. The CNS then releases NO to cause dilation in the GI tract at the distal tubule relative to the food bolus. When ondansetron (Zofran) blocks this pathway, the CNS is no longer receiving signals from the GI tract which ultimately stops emesis. Chemotherapy emesis is a common reason for doctors to prescribe this medication.
730305268	Ondansetron is an orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3R ion channel found in the GI tract and chemo trigger zone of the AP. THe 5-HT3R is an ion channel that when activated causes relaxation of the GI tract smooth muscle allowing for food to pass through and is also found is the AP where emetic agents cause the sensation of nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron is used as an antinausea and antiemetic for people who have chemo induced nausea by blocking the 5-HT3R receptor signal, which reduces the GI motility and blocks the feeling of nasuea due to activatiion in the AP causes by emitic chemicals that reach the AP.
730305181	Ondasentron (Zofran) is a 5-HT3R inhibitor in the CNS. It is used to treat GERD and PUD by inhibiting gastric acid secretion in the GI truck.
730300937	Ondansetron (Zofran) is an orthosteric reversible antagonist of the 5HT3 receptor. It targets enteric neurons and the CNS. Normally the 5HT3 receptor is activated by seratonin which then causes depolarization of cells in the enteric and CNS neurons. In the enteric neurons it signals GI smooth muscles cells to reduce normal contractility and regular peristalsis, and in the CNS it causes the vomiting signal to be propogated. By blocking the 5HT3 receptors we increase normal contractily in the GI smooth muscle cells and reduce the reverse contraction needed to vomit, in CNS neurons stopping depolarization stops the vomiting signal from sending. Both of these effects play a role in treating chemotherapy-induced nause and vomiting.
730257887	Ondansetron is a competitive, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor. The endogenous ligand of the 5-HT3 receptor is the neurotransmitter serotonin (5-HT) which acts on it to induce nausea and vomiting through vestibular signaling of the central nervous system and gastric motility effects on the distal GI tract. Ondansetron reduces chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting by blocking 5-HT3 receptors located in the enteric nervous system of the GI tract and the vestibular nuclei of the central nervous system. In the enteric nervous system, ondansetron blocks 5-HT3 receptors to induce gastric contractility and promote gastric emptying. In the central nervous system, ondansetron blocks 5-HT3 receptors in the vestibular nuclei of the brain to reduce neuronal signals that promote nausea and vomiting which is normally induced by chemotherapy. These two primary effects work in conjunction to reduce nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy.
730364945	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of serotonin 5HT-3 receptors found in the enteric neurons and chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema in the CNS. In normal physiology, serotonin binds the 5HT-3 receptor to increase signalling of vomiting through gastric smooth muscle cells contraction and CNS signalling. As an antagonist of this receptor, ondansetron blocks this signalling and increases normal forward smooth muscle cell contraction to decrease the reverse that leads to vomiting. Additionally, ondansetron decreases signalling of vomiting from the CNS via the chemoreceptor trigger zone. These actions help to treat symptoms of nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy and radiation therapy.
730301189	Ondansetron is a 5HT3 antagonist; its actions are reversible and competitive binding. Ondansetron&#39;s target is the serotonin receptors on the intestinal track that&#39;s responsible for the GI track movements as well as peristalsis. In normal Physiology, 5HT3 has an inhibiting effect, decreasing GI track contraction and motion. When Ondansetron binds to 5HT3 as a competitive antagonist, the inhibiting effects of normal 5HT3 have been inhibited/stopped. As a result., the 5HT3 antagonist, Ondansetron, increases the GI contraction. However, since 5HT3 normally has an inhibiting effect, 5HT3 antagonist Ondansetron would decrease the motility, and thus increasing the transition time and slows stomach emptying.
730364732	Ondansetron (Zofran) is an orthosteric reversible antagonist of the 5-HT3 Na+/K+ ion channel. Normally, the 5-HT3 receptor is activated by the endogenous ligand serotonin in the GI tract and also in the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the CNS. Serotonin is the main neurotransmitter used in the enteric nervous system and its activity can modulate gastrointestinal kinetics and communicate with the CNS. Antagonism of the 5-HT3 ion channel by action of ondansetron prevents the passing Na and K ions through the 5-HT3 channel and disrupts neurotransmission in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the CNS. This decrease in neurotransmssion reduces chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting and can also slow gastric emptying by disruption of prokinetic signalling in the GI tract.
730302084	Ondansetron is an orthosteric reversible antagonist of the H1R found in the central nervous system. Normally, the H1R is bound by histamine, activating Gq which stimulates an increase in intracellular calcium which results in the release acetylcholine, allowing for neurotransmission through the vestibular nervous system. Ondansetron acts as an antagonist of the H1R to block the release of acetylcholine and by doing so also blocking neurotransmission to the vestibular nervous system that would normally induce nausea and vomiting.
730012427	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor. This receptor is found in various locations, including on cells in the area postrema, the chemoreceptor trigger zone. Normally, serotonin stimulates the 5-HT3 receptor in this area in response to chemotherapy, causing nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron prevents stimulation of the receptor, preventing chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730008469	Ondansetron is a reversible allosteric 5-HT3 ion channel antagonist on the CNS and ENS. Normally this ion channel works to maintain the coordination of peristaltic contractions in the stomach via tranmisiiting signals in the enteric nervous system. 5-HT3 is also used to transmit serotonin mediated emetic signals in the central nervous system in the AP. Inhibiton of 5-HT3 in these locations leads to a theraputic outome of reduced N&amp;V by disconecting gut contractions and relaxations from 5-HT3 inhibition on the ENS. This prevents emetic contractions from happening. It also prevents the transmission of serotonin mediated emetic signaling in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the CNS to reduce the feeling of N&amp;V.
730308977	Ondansetron is an 5-H3T receptor antagonist that targets endothelial cells and neurons involved in CNS and ENS signal transduction associated with nausea and vomiting. Normally, serotonin is the endogenous ligand that promotes signal transduction between CNS and ENS (through AP and chemotrigger zones) which leads to normal nausea perception and sensation. CINV and non-specific N/V is characterized by feelings of lethargy and sometimes emesis. This antiemetic drug blocks the binding of serotonin to these neurons and cells, and this slows down the signaling pathways which communicate feelings of nausea between the CNS and ENS. Enteric and vagal nerve signaling is slowed, lessening the urge for emesis and relieving symptoms that are associated with the disease state.
730304975	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a 5-HT3R antagonist which is not a GPCR, but rather a ligand-gated ion channel used for the treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. In normal physiology, serotonin binds and activates 5-HT3R which is located in many places in the body, but especially in smooth muscle tissue of the GI tract. Activation of 5-HT3R sends signals along enteric and vagal nerves to the chemoreceptor AP (area postrema) center in the brain which is associated with producing the sensation of nausea and inducing vomiting. Ondansetron blocks 5-HT3R and prevents chemoreceptor signals to be sent to the AP thereby reducing nausea and vomiting.
730177416	Ondansetron is an orthosteric reversible 5-HT3R antagonist. The 5-HT3 receptor is a GPCR Gas found in the smooth muscle of the small intestine. When the natural ligand, serotonin, is bound it induces increased levels of cAMP inthe cell. This cAMP causes an increase in chemotactic signalling to the vestibular system that causes the feeling of nausea as well as peristaltic movement on the distal side of the food bolus. Inhibition of the 5-HT3 receptor prevents this vestibular signalling for nausea as well as preventing the smooth muscle contractions in the distal side of the bolus that induces vomiting.
730309632	Ondansetron (Zofran) is indicated to treat chemotherapt-induced nasuea and vomiting (CINV) by targeting the 5-HT4 serotonin receptor in the CNS and on vagal afferents in the periphery and acting as an agonist. In normal physiology, serotonin is released by the body and can act on many different serotonin receptors. The 5-HT4 receptor is part of the area prostrema (AP) in the CNS and in vagal afferent in intestinal smooth muscle involved in peristalsis. The 5-HT4 receptor target by ondansetron is a GPCR that is coupled to the G-alpha-s subunit. The activation of this receptor triggers the subsequent increase in the concentration of cAMP to activate protein kinase A, which results in the release of acetylcholine by the parasympathetic nervous system. Acetylcholine goes on to stimulate muscarinic receptors in the GI tract to increase peristalsis, and decrease transit time of the bolus in the GI tract, preventing emesis. Addtionally, this drug acts as a 5-HT3 antagonist in the area prostrema to decrease the perception of nausea in the CNS. By acting as an agonist of the 5-HT4 receptor, ondansetron can be used to stimulate the aforementioned activity to reduce nause and vomiting assocaited with the administration of chemotherapy.
730163687	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a competitive, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor. It is located at the ligand-gated Na+/K+ ion channel on chemoreceptors in the CNS and in vagal nerve terminals in the GI. In normal physiology, serotonin binds to the 5-HT3 receptor and leads to relaxation of the GI tract and activates chemoreceptors in the CNS. Ondansetron blocks serotonin binding to this receptor and reduces nausea and vomiting caused by cancer chemotherapy by contracting the GI muscles, leading to digestion of food and inhibiting gastroparesis, and blocking the chemoreceptors in the CNS.
730227103	Ondansetron is an orthosteric antagonist of the 5HT-3 receptor. This receptor is a ligand gated ion channel located in the ENS of the digestive tract and the AP of the CNS. Under normal physiology serotonin binds to the 5HT-3 receptor in the ENS and induces nerve signal propagation along the afferent vagal nerves to the CNS. Once in the CNS it acts at the chemoreceptor zone (AP) to induce nausea and vomiting signals. So this drug, because it is an orthostearic antagonist, stops this pathway by preventing the binding of serotonin to the 5HT-3 receptor, this will in turn not allow the signal to propagate to the CNS and cause chemo-induced nausea and vomiting.
730308980	Ondansetron, brand name Zofran, is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the 5HT3 receptor in both the GI tract as well as the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the CNS. The 5HT3 receptor is a ligand-gated Na+/K+ ion channel. Normally, the 5HT3 receptor will recognize emetic agents in the blood and send signals to the CNS and then periphery for emesis (vomiting). As an antagonist, &quot;setrons&quot;, like ondansetron, will block this action so that the signal for emesis cannot be transmitted. Ondansetron is indicated for use in chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730084405	Ondansetron is a 5HT3 Receptor orthosteric reversible antagonist. The 5HT3 Receptor targeted by ondansetron is located on vagal afferent nerves extrending from the enteric nervous system to the central nervous system. Normally, serotonin binds to the 5HT3 receptor that is an Na+ ion channel that sends signals to the chemoreceptor trigger zone to induce nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron is an orthosteric reversible antagonist that works to inhibit the signals sent to the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the central nervous system. This inhibition leads to increased contractility in the distal part of the GI tract, as well as decreased coordination in the GI tract. This antagonistic activity leads to decreased nausea and vomiting induced by radiation, chemotherapy as well as post operative.
730042911	Ondansetron is a reversible orthosteric angonist of the 5HT3 Receptors. 5HT3 receptor is a serotinin gated ion channel. The 5HT3 receptors are found in the GI tract, specifically in the intesitinal walls, as well as the chemoreceptor trigger zone (AP) in the brain. The original signaling molecule is serotonin whose structure the drug is imitating. When serotonin normally binds to the 5HT3 receptor, it sends an inhibitory signal on vagal nerves to AP which will in turn signal for the smooth muscle cells (SMCs) in the intestines distal to the food (anal side) to relax. This will cause the food to pass through the GI tract faster. When the drug binds to the 5HT3 receptor, it acts as an agonist which means that it increases the activity at the receptor. As a result, there is more SMC relaxation at the distal part if the intestine allowing for the food to pass through; decreased transit time. As a result, there is decreased feelings of nausea and vomitting. It is usually used for chemotherapy induced, post-operative, or radiotherapy induced nausea and vomitting.
730301145	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor. The 5-HT3R is located on the post-synaptic neurons in the CNS and enteric nerves innervating the gastrointestinal tract. Normally, serotonin binds the 5-HT3R to stimulate neurotransmission in enteric nerves. Ondansetron blocks serotonin from binding to relieve nausea and vomiting symptoms induced by chemotherapy.
730043583	Ondansetron is a reverisible antagonist of the 5HT3 receptor. This receptor is located in the smooth muscle cells of enteric nervous system of the GI track. When this target is normally activated, it sends signals to the CNS that then causes signals to be sent back down to the GI that cause contracion of the smooth muscle cells at the lower end of the track. This normal signal pathway causes the food to move in the opposite direction (from where it came from), which can cause nausea and vomiting. By acting as an antagonist of the 5HT3 receptor, ondansetron blocks serotonin from binding the recptor and prevents the activation of this signaling pathway. This reduces nausea and vomiting because it relaxes the smooth muscles of the GI organs, allowing for food to move in the appropriate direction.
730305983	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. 5-HT3 receptors are located in the GI tract and in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema. In normal physiology, serotonin binds 5-HT3 ion channel receptors on vagal afferents of the GI tract and receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema to trigger a sensation of nausea in the forebrain and a vomiting reflex from the GI tract. The 5-HT3 receptors are Na/K ion channels stimulated by serotonin binding causing the sensation of nausea in the central nervous system and smooth muscle contraction of the GI system to induce vomiting. Ondansetron acts as a reversible, orthosteric 5-HT3 receptor antagonist that blocks the binding of serotonin to the 5HT-3 receptors located in the vagal afferents of the GI tract and in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema to treat nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and post-surgery.
730305085	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible, orthosteric inhibitor of the serotonin 5-HT3 receptor, which is an ion channel located on vascular smooth muscle cells in the GI tract and in the ENS. The 5HT-3 receptor normally acts through NANC to stimulate relaxation distal to the food bolus in the GI tract. Inhibition of the ion channel causes it to close and depolarize. This depalrization of the membrane results in excitation of the membrane and inhibits the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the area postrema. This reduces the nausea and vomiting reflex induced by chemotherapy.
720141645	Ondansetron is a Serotonin 5HT3 reversible orthosteric antagonist on the 5HT3 ligand gated ion channel located on neurons in the ENS and CNS. Normally Serotonin binds to the 5HT3 ligand gated ion channel, opening it and allowing ions to pass causing depolarization in neuronal cells that propagates signals through the CNS &amp; ENS. Serotonin 5HT3 antagonists prevent the binding of serotonin and opening of the ligand gated ion channel which prevents propagation of signals from the chemoreceptor zone associated with nausea and vomiting.
730011977	Ondansetron (Zofran) is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the ligand-gated 5-HT3 receptor in the chemoceptor zone of the CNS and the smooth muscles of the stomach. Normally, these recpeptors aid in communication when the body detects emitic agents in the chemoreceptor zones and the stomach to inform the CNS and, in turn, cause vommiting. Ondansetron binds to the 5-HT3 recpetor, preventing serotonin from binding to it, which inhibits communication between the CNS and afferent neurons to reudce vomitting.
730362445	Ondansetron is a competitive, reversible antagonist of the 5-HT3 receptor in the vagal neurons primarily located in the intestines. This receptor is a ligand-gated ion channel, and under normal physiologic conditions, serotonin binds to the receptor, allowing the passage of Na+ and K+ ions. Occurring in the intestinal tract, this leads to reverse contraction of the smooth muscle of the GI tract that is responsible for nausea and vomiting. As an antagonist of this receptor, ondansetron blocks the binding of serotonin to the receptor. By blocking this binding, it prevents the opening of the ion channel, which then prevents the reverse contraction of the smooth muscle of the GI tract. This facilitates normal GI movement and helps to prevents the nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy.
730305984	Zofran (ondansetron) is an reversible, competitive inhibitor of 5-HT-3, a serotonin-gated ion channel. 5-HT-3 is found in the CNS on post-synaptic neurons in the vestibular nuclei, as well as on enteric vagal nerves (ENS). In normal physiology, 5-HT-3 is activated by serotonin in the CNS to allow for the depolarization of the synapse to promote the neurotransmission of signals that prompt nausea and emesis. This ion channel is also activated by serotonin in the gut in which it intiates afferent signals for distal relaxation of the GI tract to facilitate gastric motility. The therapeutic utility of Zofran in treating CINV is seen primarily through the inhibition of 5-HT-3 in the postsynaptic nerve terminals in the vestibular nuclei. By doing so, Zofran disallows for the neurotransmission of the signals of nausea and emesis by inhibiting the depolarization of the neuron. This inhibitory process is how Zofran combats the feelings of nausea and emesis in patients with CINV. A less impactful, yet still important effect Zofran has on the physiology of 5-HT-3 is the inhibition of the ion channel in the gut. Inhibition of 5-HT-3 in the gut leads to the inhibition of signaling for the relaxation of distal smooth muscle in the GI tract. This inhibition of enteric vagal nerves (ENS) signals combats the process of emesis seen in patients with CINV. With that being said, the therapuetic utility in treating patients with CINV is seen most greatly in the inhibition of the 5-HT-3 ion channel in the CNS.
730305023	Ondansetron is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of 5-HT3 receptor, which locates in the enteric nervous system and vagal nerves in the central nervous system of chemoreceptor-triggered zone in the distal part of GI tract. Normally, serotonin binds to the Na+/K+ ion channel to activate the channel, causing neurotransmission in the enteric nervous system. Ondansetron acts as an antagonist and blocks the activation of Na+/K+ channel,thus blocks the neurotransmission in the chemoreceptor-triggered zone. Therefore, ondansetron will cause relaxation in the distal part of GI tract to increase paristalsis of food, thereby alleviating symptoms of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730335119	Ondansetron is a selective, reversible antagonist of the 5-HT3 (serotonin) receptor found in the gastrointestinal SMCs in the peripheral vaculature. In normal physiology, serotonin binds 5-HT3R, which is an ion channel, and induces depolarization that eventually leads to the relaxation of SMCs distal to the food bolus and GI tract stasis. The receptor is also involved in the neurotransmission in the enteric nervous system. By blocking this receptor, ondansetron reduces GI stasis that is associated with nausea and vomiting by enhancing GI tract motility. The drug also reduces nausea and vomiting signaling in the trigger zone in the CNS to relieve CINV.
720520297	Ondansetron is an orthosteric reversible antagonist of the 5HT3 receptor, a ligand gated ion channel located in the vagus nerve and post synaptic neuron in the CNS chemotrigger zone. Normally, serotonin binds to the receptor which produces a serotonergic effect to induce nausea. When ondansetron binds to the receptor, it prevents the signaling of the neurons and results in preventing nausea and vomiting induced by chemotherapy.
730119872	N/A
730305285	Zofran is a orthosteric, reversible 5-HT3R antagonist. Normally, serotonin binds to the 5-HT3R which is a ligand gated ion channel to open a pore allowing Na and K to pass through and signal cells in the vagal nerves of the GI tract and chemoreceptor trigger zone which causes chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting. By having ondansetron antagonize this receptor, serotonin cannot bind and the signal for nausea and vomiting is mitigated.
720507989	Ondansetron is an orthosteric, reversible 5-HT3R antagonist. The drug&#39;s target is 5-HT3R, A ligand-induced ion channel which is located on the enteric nervous system neurons in the peripheral vagus afferent and the CNS neurons in the chemoreceptor trigger zone. Upon activation of 5-HT3Rs by serotonin, Na+ ions are released causing depolarization which inhibits the smooth muscles of the GI tract. Depolarization also increases signals sent to the CNS chemoreceptor trigger zone which induces emesis and feelings of nausea. Ondansetron prevents depolarization from occuring by blocking the 5-HT3R which increases GI motility and decreases nausea induced from the CNS to stop symptoms of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
730308983	Ondansetron (Zofran), an antiemetic agent, is a reversible and orthosteric 5HT3 antagonist to the 5HT3 Receptor (ligand gated ion channel) in the ENS and CNS. Normal serotonin binding to the 5HT3R opens the channel, allowing ion movement, releasing the endogenous ligand acetylcholine, allowing distal relaxation. Antagonist binding to the receptor blocks the necessary contraction needed for emesis and blocks any emesis signaling in the vagal afferents in the central nervous system to treat nausea and vomiting, most often cancer induced NV.
