730336623	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric agonist that acts as a semi-synthetic opioid analgesic. This drug&#39;s target is on the mu-opioid receptors (MOPR) on nociceptive neurons. In normal physiology, the endogenous opioid peptide binds the MOPR to inhbit the release of GABA, on the inter-neuron, which inhibits the pain inhibitory signal. MOPR is a GPCR that activates Galpha-i which decreases cAMP and activates GIRK to induce the efflux of potassium, making it harder for the neurons to fire since they are hyperpolarized. Since oxymorphone is an agonist, it mimics this activity by attenuating the pain perception in the nociceptive ascending pathways in the peripheral tissues while enhancing pain modulation on the descending pathways in the CNS, thereby aiding in the management of pain.
730009227	Oxymorphone is a reversible orthosteric agonist of the MOP receptor located on inter neurons in both the peripheral and central nervous system. In normal physiology the MOPR is a GPCR with a G alpha i subunit. Activation of the MOPR therefore causes a decrease in CAMP and activates GIRK. The activation of GIRK causes an efflux of potassium ions and the closing of calicum ion channels, leaving the neuron in a hyperpolarised state. The hyperpolarization makes it more difficult for the neuron to fire. In the case of inter neurons, this prevents the release of GABA to inhibit the pain inhibitory pathway. Oxymorphone works to &quot;inhibit the inhibitor&quot; and allows for the inhibition of pain signals along the decending pathway while also attenuating nocieptive signalling of the acending pathway to manage pain.
711510047	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of the mu-opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). These receptors are located in peripheral neurons of the descending pain pathways and CNS neurons of the ascending nociceptive pathways. In normal physiology, excitatory neurotransmission propagates signaling from a peripheral nociceptive stimulus which is then attenuated via pain inhibitory neurotransmission. Opioid peptides bind to these MOPRs, which are G-alpha-i coupled GPCRs, which decreases cAMP and, in turn, activates GIRK channels to hyperpolarize neurons, thereby decreasing their ability to release neurotransmitters. By binding to MOPRs in both these pathways, oxymorphone inhibits nociceptive signaling in the ascending pathways while also de-inhibiting signaling that inhibits pain signalling in the descending pathways.
730301143	Oxymorphone is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the Mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). MOP receptors are located on the peripheral nociceptive neurons in the ascending pathway and the CNS pain pathway interneurons in the descending &quot;pain-modulatory&quot; pathway. Normally, MOP receptors are activated by opioid peptides, signaling through G-alpha-i to decrease cAMP and active GIRK, resulting in hyperpolarization of the nueron, which causes the neuron to be less likely to fire. As a result, nociceptive nuerotransmission is decreased and pain-modulation signaling is enhanced. As an agonist, oxymorphone binds and activates MOPR, attentuating nociceptive signaling in the periphery and enhancing pain-modulatory signaling in the descending pathway to decrease perception of and response to pain.
730008206	Oxymorphone (Opana) is a MOP receptor agonist. The MOP receptors are located in the CNS. Normally, when OP&#39;s bind to the OP receptors in the CNS this couples with G-alpha-i and decereases cAMP production along with the alpha subunit binding and activating GIRK which effluxes potassium ot of the cell. The beta and gamma heterodimer deactivates the calcium channel preventing enterance of calcium. Together all of this leads to the hyperpolarization of the cell and decreased neuron firing. The inhibition of firing lowers the preception of pain and thereby induces an analgesic affect. These receptors are also found on the periphery and when activated attenuate the ascending pain pathway. As an agonist of MOP, Oxymorphone binds and promotes this response for manage pain.
720431068	Oxymorphone is an opioid derivative analgesic. The drug is a GPCR (opioid peptide receptor) agonist. The target of the drug is a GPCR that modulates ascending and descending pain pathways located in peripheral tissue, brain, and the spinal cord. The receptor is coupled to GalphaI and a GIRK channel. The use of a GPCR agonist causes inhibition of pain signaling, generalized CNS depression, and decreased pain modulation that is typical of pain. The use of oxymorphone can also activate the MOR that leads to symptoms of euphoria.
730170143	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of the mu opioid receptor on periphery nociceptive neurons and CNS pain-modulating neurons. Normally, pain stimuli depolarizes nociceptive neurons in order to transmit pain signals to the CNS and cause the sensation of pain. Oxymorphone signals via Gai GPCR to decrease cAMP, activate the GIRK channel, hyperpolarize the nociceptive neurons and the GABA interneuron in the pain-modulating pathway in order to attenuate nociception and enhance pain-modulation in the treatment of pain.
730337615	Oxymorphone is a reverible orthosteric agonist of opioid receptors in the CNS. Normally the opioid receptors are bound by endogenous opioids and inhibit trasduction of ascending nociceptipe pain signals. By binding to the opioid receptors oxymorphone activates the inhibitory neurons and reduces ascending pain signaling.
730046634	Oxymorphone is an reversible orthosteic agonist of the mu opioid peptdie receptor (MOPR). Oxymorphone targets neurons peripherally in the ascending pathway and centrally in the descending pathway. Normally, MOPR are activated by opioid particles in response to pain which activate the GPCR. This works through G alpha i and works to decrease cAMP and closes GIRK channels, causing hyperpolarization of the neurons and preventing action potentials from firing. This prevents the release of neurotransmitters and allows for pain modulation. As an antagonist of the MOPR, oxymorphone further prevents the development of action potentials which helps modulate and relieve pain signals.
720516197	Oxymorphone is an agonist of mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) expressed in the nociceptive neurons in the ascending pathway in the periphery and in the descending pain modulatory pathway. Normally, endogenous opioid peptide binds to mu opioid peptide receptors as an endogenous agonist and activate Gai, decreasing cAMP concentration. This leads to activating GIRK channels and hyperpolarizing the neurons, which makes the neurons harder to fire. This attenuates the nociceptive neurotransmission and enhances pain modulatory signaling. As an agoinst of mu opioid peptide receptor, oxymorphone binds to MOPR and attenuates the nociceptive pain neurotransmission and enhances pain modulatory signaling in the descending pain pathway for pain management.
730010565	Oxymorphone (Opana) is an agonist of the mu-opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) located on peripheral nociceptive neurons in the ascending pathway and pain modulatory neurons in the descending pathway. Normally, activation of the MOPR by opioid peptides leads to activation of G-alpha-i, which causes the activation of GIRK channels and results in hyperpolarization of the neurons. This hyperpolarization makes it harder for neurons to fire and decreases the nociceptive signaling of the ascending pathway while increasing pain modulation, offering pain relief. Therefore, as an agonist of MOPR, oxymorphone decreases the transmission of pain signaling and increases modulation, which allows for decreased pain perception and pain relief in order to help with pain management.
720391577	Oxymorphone (Opana) is an agonist of the Mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) located in the peripheral nociceptive neurons and the CNS signaling neurons of the pain modulatory pathway. In normal physiology, opioid petides bind and activate MOPR which is coupled to G-alpha-i and causes a decrease in cAMP. This results in activation of GIRK which allows K+ to leave the cells and hyperpolarizes the neurons, making it difficult for the neurons to fire. As a result, peripheral nociceptive neurotransmission is decreased and pain modulatory signaling is enhanced. Since oxymorphone is an agonist, it works to stimulate the same effects of the endogenous opioid peptides. As a result, oxymorphone decreases peripheral nociceptive neurotransmission and enhances pain modulatory signaling, which allows it to be effective in pain management.
730301183	Oxymorphone also known by the brand name Opana is a semi-synthetic opioid analgesic that works by targeting a GPCR coupled to G alpha i.Oxymorphone is indicated for pain management. Oxymorphone is an agonist to the GPCR which causes decreased cAMP which ultimately causes potassium efflux and the closure of calcium channels. The build up of calcium causes hyperpolarization and prevents the neuron from firing. Without using an opioid this neuron typically blocks the descending pathway of the pain loop, by inhibiting this the descending loop can block the ascending pathway and alter the perception and response to pain.
730306031	Oxymorphone or Opana is used to manage pain by acting as an agonist on the Mu Opioid Peptide Receptor (MOPR). These receptors are located in the peripheral and ascending (excitatory) pathways of the CNS. This receptor is a GPCR coupled to G alpha i. When activated, G alpha i activity is increased, which causes a decrease in cAMP. This decrease activates GIRK and Galpha subunit opens K+ channels which causes an efflux of potassium, whereas the G beta and gamma subunits inhibit Ca2+ channels. This leads to a hyperpolarization of the neuron and essentially blocks signaling and modulates nociceptive pain in the ascending pathway. In the descending (inhibitory) pathway, this activation of MOPR blocks GABA. Activation of GABA leads to inhibition of the inhibitory pain pathway. Therefore, inhibition of GABA attenuates pain signaling.
730336866	Oxymorphone (Opana) is a reversible orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide (MOP) receptor on neurons in the periphery through the ascending &quot;excitatory&quot; pathway and in the CNS via the &quot;pain-modulatory&quot; descending pathway. Normally, opioid peptides bind to the MOPR and activate G-alpha-i which inhibits AC to decrease the intracellular concentration of cAMP, leads to the activation of GIRK to increase potassium efflux and [GPCR beta and gamma heterodimeric subunit-induce] closure of voltage-gated calcium channels [as well as receptor internalization, receptor phosphorylation, and arrestin binding] resulting in hyperpolarization of the neuron which prevents firing when exposed to a typical depolarizing stimuli. Oxymorphone ultimately reduces the perception and response of pain via the inhibition of neurons in the peripheral ascending and CNS descending pathways.
720511985	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric reversible agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). MOPR&#39;s are located on peripheral nociceptive neurons (ascending pathway) and CNS pain modulator neurons (descending pathway). Normally, MOPR&#39;s are activated by opioid peptides that bind and signal through Gai. This causes decreased production of cAMP and the activation of GIRK. Thus, allowing potassium ion flow and stopping calcium ion flow, resulting in hyperpolarization of the nerve. The hyperpolarization stops the nerve from firing the pain signal. Oxymorphone activates MOPR&#39;s on the peripheral nociceptive neurons attenuating pain signals in the asccending pathway and activates MOPR&#39;s in the CNS to enhance pain inhibtion on the descending pathway.
720514156	Oxymorphone (brand name Opana) is an opioid analgesic and agonist of opioid peptide receptor. Normally opioid peptide would bind to the opioid peptide receptor, activating Galphai which then decreases cAMP and activates GIRK inhibiting the potassium efflux and closing the Calcium channels. This keeps the neuron hyperpolarized and does not allow for neurotransmitter release. Oxymorphone binds and keeps the neurotransmitters hyperpolarized and stops the perception and response to pain.
730339317	Oxymorphone is an opioid agonist that acts on the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) that is expressed on the peripheral nociceptive neurons and the CNS pain pathway neurons. As an opioid agonist, normally when bound to MOPR, this signals via Gi to decrease cAMP which activates GIRK. This hyperpolarizes the cell which decreases nociceptive transmission which enhances pain modulatory signalling. Oxymorphone as an opioid peptide, attenuates the peripheral nociceptive ascending pathway and enhances the descending modulatory pain pathway to decrease the perception and response to pain.
730007672	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR), located in peripheral nociceptive pathways and CNS pain pathways. In normal physiology, endogenous opioid peptides activate the MOPR, a GPCR, which activates Galpha-i, decreasing cAMP, and activating GIRK channels, leading to hyperpolarization of the nueron and less neuronal firing. Oxymorphone activates the MOPR, making it harder for neurons in the PNS and CNS to fire, decreasing nocicpetion and increasing modulation in pain pathways, and helping to manage pain.
730010615	Oxymorphone (Opana, an opioid analgesic) is a mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) reversible orthosteric agonist. MOPR is a Gai coupled GPCR expressed on excitatory nociceptive neurons in the peripheral nervous system, as well as on inhibitory, GABA-nergic interneurons in the descending, pain modulatory pathway in the CNS. The descending modulatory pathway is poised to inhibit the transmission of the pain signal from the asscending nociceptive neurons, but when the MOPR is not agonized on the GABA-releasing interneuron, this pain modulation is inhibited by GABA release, and nociceptive signals are transmitted without CNS dampening. Normally, when an endogenous opioid (the endogenous ligand) binds to and agonizes the MOPR on the peripheral, nociceptive neurons, the levels of cAMP are decreased, and the GIRK channels are opened, allowing potassium to efflux from the cell and resulting in hyperpolarization of the nueron, thus decreasing nociceptive transmission. Additionally, when the MOPR are agonized by the endogenous opioid ligand in the CNS descending modulatory pathways on the GABA- releasing interneurons, the GABA interneuron is similarly hyperpolarized due to the decreased cAMP levels and opening and activation of GIRK. This thus stops the release of GABA in the modulatory pathway, taking the foot off the break of the pain modulation, and resulting in increased inhibition of transmission of nociceptive signals from the periphery. Oxymorphone, being a MOPR agonist, elicits the same response as the binding of the endogenous opioid to the MOPR in the peripheral nociceptive pathways and central pain- modulatory descending pathway. Specifically, oxymorphone agonizes the MOPRs, resulting in decreased noiciceptive neurotransmission in the periphery and increased pain modulation activity in the descending pathway (due to hyperpolarizing the GABA-nergic interneuron that normally inhibits the inhibition of the nociceptive pain signalling), thus reducing the perception and response to pain (helps to decrease/manage pain).
730308943	Oxymorphone is a reversible, orthosteric agonist. Oxymorphone acts on the mu opioid peptide receptor in the central nervous system. Normally, the mu opioid peptide receptor is responsible for decreasing the influx of potassium ions via the GIRK channel and therefore preventing depolarization of the neuron. Depolarization of the neuron induces the influx of calcium ions which in turn releases neurotransmitters from the neuron. The neuron is hyperpolarized due to the reduced influx of potassium ions and requires a larger stimulus in order to allow for calcium influx and the release of neurotransmitters. Oxymorphone, as an agonist, allows for the typical analgesic activity of the receptor by preventing the release of neurotransmitters.
730305075	Oxymorphone is a semi-synthetic full, reversible agonist at the MOP receptor located in the CNS. In normal physiology, endogenous ligands will bind to the MOPR in the CNS and periphery, which will result in activation of the G-alpha i pathway. The alpha subunit will then activate the GIRK channel causing potassium to efflux out of the cell and will also cause cAMP to decrease. The beta and gamma subunits will cause the calcium channels to close so that calcium can no longer enter the neuron. These actions cause the neuron to be hyperpolarized so that pain signals can no longer be transmitted. In regards to the descending pain pathway, the specific neurotransmitter being inhibited is GABA. As an agonist, oxymorphone will increase the activity of the endogenous ligand in order to manage pain.
730344007	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mOPR located on GABA interneurons in ascending and descending pathways of pain perception and modulation in the CNS and the periphery. mOPR binds endogenous pain modulating peptides to decrease cAMP via Gi which opens GIRK allowing K+ to escape and hyperpolarize the neuron to prevent release of GABA. The beta-gamma subunit also blocks Cav channels to aid in hyperpolarization. Blocking the release of GABA blocks inhibition of pain inhibitory interneurons to promote inhibition of pain signals. Oxymorphone promotes this physiologic activity.
730300292	Oxymorphone is an agonist of mu opioid peptide receptors expressed in both peripheral nociceptive neurons (ascending excitatory pathway) and neurons of CNS pain pathway (descending pain modulatory pathway). Normally, opioid peptides are agonists of MOPRs, signaling via Galphai to decrease cAMP, and thereby activating G-protein gated inward rectifying potassium (GIRK) ion channels, hyperpolarizing the neuron cells, inhibiting calcium influx and conductance. As a result, neurotransmission is inhibited, which attenuate peripheral nociceptive signaling and potentiate pain modulatory in the CNS descending pathway. Oxymorphone, as a MOPR agonist, also lead to attenuation of peripheral nociceptive signaling and potentiation of CNS pain modulatory signaling, thus decreasing the sense of and response to pain.
730302081	Oxymorphone is a mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) agonist. MOPRs are located on the pre and post synaptic neurons of the periphery and the CNS. Normally when activated by opioid peptides, the MOPR GPCR activates G-alpha-i which binds to GIRK channels causing an outflow of potassium from the neuron. This outflux of potassium hyperpolarizes the neuron in order to attenuate nociceptive pain transmission in the ascending pathway and to potentiate the pain modulatory, descending pathway. As an agonist of the MOPR, oxymorphone amplifies activation consequences of the MOPR to attenuate ascending nociceptive signaling and to potentiate the descending pain modulatory pathway. These events will help help attenuate the perception and transmission of pain to achieve pain management.
730336309	Oxymorphone, brand name Opana, is a orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). This is a semi-synthetic opioid analgesic. MOPR lie in the peipheral nociceptive centers or the CNS pain pathway neurons. In normal physiology, opioids bind to the mu opioid peptide receptor and lead to hyperpolarization through the GIRK channels and the inhibition of neurotransmitter release from the CNS and the attenuation of the ascending pathway. Opioid binding also leads to the inhibition of the inhibitor of pain modulation, GABA, which gives rise to the activation in the descending pathway. Therefore, the binding of oxymorphone to the MOPR leads to the modulation of pain and the inhibition of pain signaling which is useful in pain management.
730203946	Oxymorphone is a full agonist of the mu opioid receptors located in the excitatory pathway and pain-modulating pathway in the CNS and peripheral nervous system. Noramlly, the opioid peptide binds to these receptors to activate G-alpha-i, which leads to a decrease in cAMP and the opening of GIRK channels. The opening of these potassium channels results in hyperpolarization of the membrane, making it more difficult to reach the threshold necessary to fire an action potential, thereby resulting in enhance pain-modulatory signals. By acting as a full agonist of the MOPR, oxymorphone mimics the activity of the opioid peptide, resulting in enhanced pain-modulatory signals to help manage pain.
730092448	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor in peripheral neurons as well as the CNS. Opioid peptides are natural agonists of the opioid peptide receptors which attenuates the inhibition of pain inhibitory signals by GABA releasing interneurons in the pain inhibitory signalling pathway and decreases pain perception signalling from the CNS nociception pathway. When opioid peptides bind to opioid peptide receptors, this activates G-alpha-i which causes downstream signalling to decrease adenylyl cyclase and cAMP production, activating GIRK to increase intracellular potassium and close voltage gated calcium channels, this causes hyperpolarization of an interneuron which attenuates neurotransmitter release. Oxymorphone acts as an agonist of the opioid peptide receptor which allows the hyperpolarization of interneurons releasing GABA which would allow pain inhibitory signals to be released (as GABA prevents this) and would prevent CNS nociceptive neurons from firing allowing decrease in pain perception which a combination of these effects would provide pain management for the patient.
730337192	Oxymorphone is an agonist of opioid receptor in the peripherial nociceptive signaling pathway and in the CNS. Normally, opioid peptide will activate the opioid receptors through Gi pathway, which will decrease cAMP and activate GIRK. This will hyperpolarize the neurons causing it harder to fire, as a result, decreasing nociceptive pain signaling and enhancing pain-modulating signaling. As an agonist of opioid receptors, oxymorphone activate the opioid receptors through Gi pathway and causing hyperpolarization of the neurons, which inhibit ascending pain pathway and altering pain response in order to manage pain.
730300464	Oxymorphone (brand name Opana) is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid receptor, a G-Alpha-I type GPCR. The mu opiod receptor is found on neurons in peripheral tissues, in the spinal cord, and in the CNS. In normal physiology, endogenous ligands known as endorphins, are released to attenuate the pain signaling that occurs from these three sites (in the periphery, or ascending pain pathway, or descending pain modulatory pathway). Endorphins bind their receptor, activating G-Alpha-I leading to a decrease in cAMP, activation of GIRK (leading to K+ ion efflux), and the closure of Ca2+ channels. All of these events lead to hyperpolarization of the neuron, decreasing its likelihood of firing an action potential, and a decreae in the amount of pain experienced by an individual. In the periphery and ascending pathway, the pain signal being sent to the CNS is decreased; while in the descending pathway endorphins block the GABAnergic inhibition of pain inhibition. By activating the mu opioid receptor oxymorphone also leads to an attenuation of the amount of pain experienced by an individual via these mechanisms.
730300715	Oxymorphone is a reversible, orthosteric MOPR agonist (semi-synthetic). The MOPR is found both in the CNS on neurons in the descending pain modulatory pathway and in the periphery on neurons in the ascending pain pathway. In normal physiology, the body produces endorphins as the natural ligand for the MOPR. Binding of endorphins and oxymorphone to the MOPR signals through Gai to decrease cAMP levels, activating GIRKs. GIRKs let potassium flow out of the cell, leading to a hyperpolarized cell to downregulate Ca+2 influx and thus downregulate neurotransmission. In the descending pain modulatory pathway, binding and activation of MOPR decreases GABA secretion, thus inhibiting the inhibitor to allow for modulation and management of pain.
730008212	Oxymorphone is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of Mu Opioid Peptide Receptors (MOPRs) which are localized on peripheral nocicpetive neurons of the ascending pathway and on CNS neurons of the descending pain modulatory pathway. Normally, opioid peptides agonize the MOPR which function through G alpha i to decrease intracellular cAMP, activate GIRK channels and efflux K+ ions from the neurons which hyperpolarizes the neurons, making it harder for them to transmit signals. This action decreases nocicpetive siganling and increases pain modulatory signaling. As a MOPR agonist, oxymorphone decreases the nocicpetive signaling of the ascending excitatory pathway and increases the pain modulatory signaling of the descending pathway to effectively manage pain.
730305176	Oxymorphone (Opana) is an opioid analgesic that is a competitive, reversible, orthosteric agonist of the mu-opioid peptide receptors (MOPR) found on nociceptive neurons in the periphery as well as descending pain pathway neurons in the CNS. Normally, this receptor is bound by endogenous opioid peptides and signals through Gi to decrease cAMP concentrations and activate GIRK channels, causing an influx of potassium ions, which leads to cell hyperpolarization and makes it harder for neurons to fire. Thus, when oxymorphone binds to these receptors, it signals the same way to cause membrane hyperpolarization, which makes it harder for the nociceptive neurons to fire, thus decreasing the pain signaling in ascending pathways as well as increasing the pain modulatory responses of the body by de-inhibiting the pain modulatory responses that are part of a descending pathway.
730308947	Oxymorphone is a an opioid analgesic indicated for use in pain management. As an opioid analgesic, oxymorphone acts as an agonist of opioid receptors (specifically mu opioid receptors) in both the central nervous system and in peripheral nerve pathways. Agonists of the opioid receptor attenuate the pain transmission pathway and enhances the pain inhibition pathway. When oxymorphone binds to the mu opiod receptor (a GPCR), it activates Gai. This, in turn, activates G - inward rectifying potassium channels (causing an efflux of potassium ions) and deactivates calcium channels (blocking flow of calcium into the cell). As a result, the nociceptive neuron which oxymorphone is acting upon is hyperpolarized and neurotransmission is inhibited. This effect decreases the perception of pain in both the periphery and central nervous system.
730305017	Oxymorphone is a mu opioid protein receptor (MOPR) agonist. It targets MOPR on ascending and descending nociceptive neurons. Normally, an endogenous opioid binds MOPR to signal via Gi and GIRK causing decreased calcium influx and hyperpolarization. This allows increased pain modulation and decreased nociception. Oxymorphone acts as a MOPR agonist that increases pain modulation and decreases nociception via Gi signalling in neurons.
730332858	Oxymorphone is a mu opioid receptor agonist. The mu opioid receptor is a Gi GPCR found in ascending &quot;excitatory&quot; and descending &quot;pain-modulating&quot; pathways of the CNS. Normally, the pain inhibition pathway is inhibited by GABA-ergic neurons, and when the mu opioid receptor is activated by an agonist, Gai signaling decreases cAMP, activates GIRK which causes efflux of potassium ions and closing of calcium channels hyperpolarizing the membrane. This hyperpolarization prevents the activation potential firing in the GABA-ergic neuron effectively inhibiting the inhibitor causing attenuation of pain-signals and decreased perception of pain in the CNS.
730335667	N/A
730000106	Oxymorphone is an opioid analgesic (semi-synthetic) that is indicated for the management of pain. Oxymorphone binds to the mu opioid peptide (MOP) receptor, a GPCR G-alpha i coupled receptor, as a reversible, allosteric agonist. In normal physiology, the MOP receptor is located in the periphery on nociceptor neurons as well as neurons in the spinal chord and brain including the interneuron involved in regulation of the pain inhibitory pathway. In the normal state, the interneuron releases GABA to inhibit firing of the pain inhibitory pathway invovled in the descending, modulatory pathway in the perception of pain. However, upon the signaling of nociceptor neurons, the MOP receptor on the interneuron can be bound by endogenous opioids including endorphins and Beta-enkaphalins. Binding of these endogenous opioids leads to signaling through the Galpha i coupled receptor. This signaling leads to a reduction in CAMP, activation of GIRK, which results in effluk of potassium ions, and blocking of voltage-gate calcium channels by the beta and gamma subunits, which results in decreased influx of calcium. This alteration in the flow of ions results in a hyperpolarization of the interneuron, decrease inhibition of the pain inhibitory pathway, and decreased pain perception. In addition, binding of opioids to the MOP receptors on peripheral neurons decreases pain signaling via a similar hyperpolarization pathway. Therefore, when oxymorphone binds to the MOP receptors in the spinal chord, CNS, and periphery, its agonist activity results in decreased pain signaling and increased pain modulation in the treatment of pain.
720543380	Oxymorphone (Opana) is a reviersible, orthosteric agonist of the Mu-opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) that is classified as an opioid analgesic. MOPR is a G protein that is linked to G alpha i located on the peripheral nerves of the ascending nocicpetive pathways as well as interneurons in the CNS of the decending pain modulatory pathway. Normally, when MOPR is stimulated by a peptide it caused the deactivation of Adenlyde Cyclase (AC) and activates GIRK (G inward rectifying Potassium channel) which allows potassium to flow into the cell and hyperpolarize the cell which prevents action potential from propagating. Oxymorphone is used in the treatment of pain management by preventing neurons in the acsending pathway to deliver nocicpetive signals to the brain as well as inhibiting internuerons of the descending pathway from secreting GABA which allow pain modulatory neurons to remain un-inhibited. Oxymorphone can have other effects such as euphoria which can cause addictive properties of the drug.
720498432	oxymorphone is an agonist of mu opioid peptide receptors (MOPR) expressed in the peripheral nociceptive neurons (ascending &quot;excitatory&quot; pathway) and CNS pain pathway neurons (descending &quot;modulatory&quot; pathway). Normally, opioid peptides serve as agonists of MOPR which signal via Gai pathway to decrease CAMP thereby activating G-protein gated inward rectifying potassium (GIRK) channel to hyperpolarize the neurons causing them to not fire which decreases nociceptive signaling and enhances pain modulatory signaling. As an agonist, oxymorphone attenuates nociceptive signaling in the peripheral neurons and enhance pain modulating signaling in the descending pathway which results in changes in pain perception and helps to manage pain.
730305293	Oxymorphone (Opana) is a semi-synthetic, orthosteric, reversible, agonist of the Mu opioid peptide receptor. This receptor is found on nocicpetive neurons in the ascending pathways of the peripheral nervous system and it is found in the CNS dscending pathway on GABAnergic neuorns which inhibit the modulation of pain. Normally these receptors would be activated by naturally occuring opioid peptides in response to a painful stimulus to modulate pain. By binding to the GPCR G-alpha-i levels of cAMP are decreased and a G-protien inwardly rectifying potassium (GIRK) channel is activated. This leads to influx of potassium and hyperpolarization of the neurons list above. By acting as an agonist to the Mu opioid peptide receptor, oxymorphone activates the same pathway and leads to neuron hyperpolarization. This then leads to decreased nociceptive firing in the periphery and decreased inhibitory GABAnergic neruonal firing in the pain modulating descending pathways in the CNS. These two effects combine to manage the symptoms of pain.
730011523	Oxymorphone is an semi-synthetic agonist that binds to mu opioid peptide receptors in the peripheral and central nervous systems to reduce pain. Opioid Peptides normally bind to a GPCR that is coupled with Gi. When activated Gi causes activation of GIRK and the closing of calcium channels to cause hyperpolarization in the neuron to prohibit firing. The neuron MOPR is found on is a GABA-ergic neuron that prevents that activation of a pain inhibiting neuron. Once this GABA-ergic neuron is hyperpolarized it can no longer fire and prevent the pain inhibitory neuron from firing; this leads to inhibition of pain transduction. Opioid analgesics, such as oxymorphone, bind to MOPR on GABA-ergic neurons to cause the same hyperpolarization as naturally occurring opioid peptides. These drugs lead to activation of the pain inhibitory neuron and decrease and alter the sensation of pain.
730335668	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor, which is a GPCR located on nociceptive peripheral neurons and neurons of the CNS. In the absence of MOPR stimulation, the interneurons release GABA, which then inhibits pain inhibitory neurons - that is, it allows pain signals to be transmitted. When oxymorphone binds the MOPR, it activates the G alpha i subunit of the coupled G protein, lowering cAMP and activating GIRK. Activation of GIRK allows for efflex of potassium from the cell, while the beta-gamma subunit of the G protein causes calcium channels to close. These steps cause hyperpolarization of the cell, making it more difficult to fire. Closed calcium channels prevent the change in ion concentration that triggers the neuron to release neurotransmitter. As such, the neuronal signal cannot be transmitted, and the sensation of pain is blocked.
730003873	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor located on nociceptive neurons in the periphery and CNS. In normal physiology, the MOPR (a GPCR) is activated by endogenous peptides. Activation of this receptor leads to a dissociation of the Galphai subunit, a decrease in cAMP, and an opening of GIRK channels. When GIRK channels open, potassium is able to enter the cell, leading to hyperpolarization. The beta and gamma subunits of the GPCR close the voltage-gated calcium channels of these nociceptive neurons. The hyperpolarization of the cell makes it more difficult to generate an action potential, and the closing of the voltage-gated calcium channels inhibits neurotransmitter release. By agonizing the MOPR on nociceptive neurons, oxymorphone inhibits signaling of the neuron to decrease the detection of pain. Through this mechanism, oxymorphone can be used to manage pain.
730338780	Oxymorphone, or Opana, is an opioid analgesic and is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) in the CNS. Normally, nociception and the perception of pain is caused by GABAergic neuronal activation which sends a pain signal to the brain. However, activation of the MOPR by oxymorphone, which is coupled to a G(alpha)i GPCR, causes two downstream effects on a neuron. One, it stimulates the opening of the GIRK channel, which allows for potassium efflux from the neuron. Second, the Gbgamma subunit closes calcium channels on the neuron. This causes a hyperpolarization which prevents neurotransmitter release and reduces the sensation of pain.
730309028	Oxymorphone is a semi-synthetic opioid analgesic that is an reversible, orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor located on the CNS neurons and the nociceptive peripheral neurons. Normally, MOPR is acted upon by opioid peptides and it couples with G-alpha-i to decrease cAMP concentration which activates GIRK, which then hyperpolarizes the neuron, leading to less firing of the neuron and decreased nociceptive pain. Since oxymorphone is agonist, it will also produce these same results and reduce nociceptive pain signaling, leading to less observed pain.
730337566	Oxymorphone is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptors found in the peripheral nociceptive neurons as well as the central nervous system pain-modulatory neurons. In normal physiology, the endogenous ligands known as opioid peptides bind to the mu opioid peptide receptors and activate the GPCR, acting through G&amp;alpha;i to decrease cAMP concentrations. This in turn opens GIRK channels to allow the efflux of potassium ions out of the cell causing hyperpolarization of the neuron to make it harder to fire. This decreases the perception of pain and increases the pain modulatory response. As a mu opioid peptide receptor agonist, oxymorphone mimics the endogenous opioid peptides to hyperpolarize the neuron to attenuate the nociceptive signaling, i.e. the perception of pain, and de-inhibit the pain modulatory neurons to manage pain.
730305078	Oxymorphone (Opana) is a reversible agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) in peripheral nociceptive neurons (ascending) and central nervous system pain pathway (modulatory, descending) neurons. Normally, opioid peptides bind MOPR to activate it and signal via Galphai. The alpha-GTP complex then inhibits adenylate cyclase, reduces cAMP, and leads to the opening of GIRK channels to allow potassium ions to efflux from the neuron. The alpha-GTP complex also directly binds to GIRK channels to open them, and the beta-gamma complex binds to calcium channels to block their opening/calcium ion entry into the neuron. This leads to hyperpolarization of the neurons, making them less likely to fire/release neurotransmitters so as to reduce nociceptive signal transmission and deinhibit the pain inhibitory response. As an agonist of MOPR, oxymorphone activates the receptor&#39;s signal cascade to hyperpolarize/reduce neurotransmitter release form peripheral nociceptive neurons and CNS pain modulatory neurons to reduce nociceptive signaling and change the response to pain in order to be used for pain management.
730341594	Oxymorphone is a semi-synthetic opioid. It binds to (an agonist of) opiate peptide receptors in the CNS. Opioid receptors are naturally activated by endorphins for desensitization to pain. Oxymorphone, similarly, produces an analgesic effect by inhibiting the ascending pain pathways to alter perception of and response to pain. Additionally, it produces generalized CNS depression.
720433193	The brand name for oxymorphone is Opana, which is Group 2 (semi-synthetic) of opioid analgesics class. It works as an agonist to manage and modulate pain by binding onto the mu opioid peptide receptors (GPCR) in the peripheral (for the descending pain pathway) and CNS nociceptive neurons (ascending pain pathway) by inhibiting them and thus decreasing the nociceptive signaling, changing the pain perception, and causing CNS depression. Typically, endogenous peptides like endorphins can bind onto these receptors. It utilizes the G-alpha-i subunit which works on the neurons in 3 pathways -- it opens up the GIRK channels such that more K+ ions leave the neuron, causing hyperpolarization. In addition, it decreases the formation of cAMP by preventing the activation of adenylyl cyclase (and thus, less cAMP is formed). The beta-gamma subunits also prevent Ca2+ from entering the neurons, which typically are used to depolarize the axon terminal such that the neurotransmitters can be released. Therefore, since oxymorphone is an agonist, it makes it more difficult to stimulate an action potential and release neurotransmitters, which decreases the pain signaling through the ascending and descending pathways.
730005239	Oxymorphone is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). The receptors are located in the neurons of the CNS. Normally, this receptor is bound by endogenous ligands to activate the receptor, which modulates pain in the ascending/descending pathways of the brain and represses the perception of pain. Oxymorphone is an agonist of the receptor, and therefore also activates the receptor to repress pain preception in the ascending pathway and help manage pain.
730014075	Oxymorphone is a competitive reversible agonist of the MOPR located on peripheral nociceptive neurons and in the CNS. In normal physiology the MOPR is bound by ligand which activates Gai and decrease cAMP. This opens GIRK channels on the neuron, which allows potassium to flow outward and hyperpolarize the cell making neurotransmission difficult. Oxymorphone agonizes this process which de-inhibits the pain modulatory descending pathway and attenuates nociceptive signaling in the ascending pathway leading to decreased pain transmission.
730009068	Oxymorphone (brand name Opana) is a semi-synthetic opioid analgesic. It is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). MOPR is a GPCR that is located on neurons in the CNS and in the periphery; the MOPR normally signals via G-alpha-i to decrease adenylyl cyclase, decrease cAMP, and activate GIRK channels to increase K+ efflux and inhibit Ca++ channels. This increases hyperpolarization and blocks nociceptive pain neurotransmission to the CNS and enhances pain modulation signaling. As a MOPR agonist, oxymorphone binds GABA-releasing interneurons on the MOPR to increase hyperpolarization and blocks nociceptive pain neurotransmission signaling in the ascending pathway, and enhances pain modulation signaling in the descending pathway. This decreases perception of and response to pain, for pain management.
730081905	Oxymorphone is a reversible mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) agonist. The MOPR is a GPCR located on peripheral nociceptive neurons and CNS pain pathway neurons. Normally, the MOPR is activated by opioid peptides to signal through Galphai to decrease cAMP and activate GIRK channels. These GIRK channels allow K+ to effux and hyperpolarize the neuron making it harder to fire, decreasing nociceptive transmission in the ascending pathway, and enhancing pain modulation in the descending pathway. By acting as a MOPR agonist, oxymorphone attentuates nociceptive signaling in the periphery and potentiates pain modulation to decrease the perception of and response to pain.
730012332	oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor on the peripheral (excitatory ascending) nocicpetive neurons and central nervous system neurons (pain modulation-descending). In the ascending tract the opioid binds to the mu opioid peptide receptor and acts as an agonist, the receptor is a GPCR which signals through G alpha I and decreases adenylate cyclase therefore decreasing cAMP, this decrease activates GIRK, which then allows the efflux of potassium from the cell. This efflux results in hyperpolarization. Simultaneoulsy the calcium voltage gated channels are blocked by G gamma and G beta which prevents the influx of calcium in to the cell preventing depolarization. The prevention of depolarization results in neurotransmitter not being released in the neuron and decreasing signaling. This enhances the pain modulation pathway in which the GABA interneuron is blocked from blocking the pain inhibitory neurons, normally this neuron would be inhibited by GABA and would allow us to feel pain but since GABA is inhibited then it will block pain. The decrease in signaling in the CNS and enhanced pain modulation alters our perception and response to pain. In normal physiology this is what would occur if the opioid binded to the mu opioid peptide receptorl in order for these physiological outcomes to be necessary for therapeutic activities the patient must be dealing with chronic pain and need pain management in order to alter their quality of life.
730351906	The brand name is Opana. Oxymorphone is an orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) located on peripheral nociceptive neurons and the CNS pain pathway neurons. Normally, opioid peptides act as an agonist of the MOPR which signals through Gai to decrease cAMP concentration which activates G-protein gated inward rectifying potassium (GIRK) channels to hyperpolarize the neuron which makes the neuron harder to fire, decreases nociceptive neurotransmission and enhances pain-modulatory signaling. As an agonist, oxymorphone attenuates nociceptive pain signaling in the periphery and enhances pain-modulating signaling in the descending pathway to decrease the perception and response to pain.
730012793	Oxymorphine is an opioid analgesic that acts as a reversible, orthosteric agonist on the mu opioid peptide receptor located in peripheral nocicpetive neurons of the ascending &quot;excitatory&quot; pathway and in CNS neurons of the descending &quot;pain-modulatory&quot; pathway. Normally, endogenous opioid peptides bind to the MOPR and activate G-alpha-i. This causes a decrease in cAMP which activates GIRK channels. This causes the neuron to hyperpolarize. In addition, G-beta/gamma subunits decrease the conductance of calcium which also contributes to the hyperpolarization of the neuron. As a result, the neuron is not able to fire, causing a decrease in nociceptive transmission and an increase in pain modulatory signaling. Opioid analgesics bind to MOPR and activate G-alpha-i in the same manner. The decrease in nociceptive transmission and the increase in pain modulatory signaling helps to manage pain.
720501213	Oxymorphone is a partial agonist that binds to the mu opioid pepptide receptor (MOP) at the GABA neurons. Upon binding its receptor, oxymorphone activates the G-alpha-i protein At the MOP, thus, inhibiting the activation of cAMP and activating the gated inward recitifying potassium channel (GIRK). Upon the activation of GIRK, potassium channels are open and there is a high influx of potassium, which enters the neuron causing hyperpolarization of the neuron. Therefore, inhibiting the release of neurotransmitters. Overall, oxymorphone inhibits the perception of pain via the CNS ascending pathway.
730339832	Oxymorphone is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOP) located both in the peripheral and central nervous system. Under normal physiological conditions, these GPCRs are bound by endogenous opioid peptide agonists to activate intracellular Gi, which decreases cAMP, activates GIRK, and inhibits Ca2+ channels of the target neuron. These events function synergistically to hyperpolarize the neuron and prevent firing of an action potential to release neurotransmitter. Oxymorphone is important in the management of chronic pain; by stimulating MOP oxymorphone attenuates signaling of peripheral ascending nociceptive pathways while activating descending pain-modulatory pathways.
730300837	Oxymorphone (brand name: Opana) is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) located on peripheral nerves and central nerves involved in the transmission and modulation of pain. In normal physiology, opioid peptides are released in response to pain detected by peripheral nociceptors. These opioid peptides bind MOPRs, which are GPCRs coupled to Gi. Activation of the GPCRs activates the G-alpha subunit which results in a decrease in adenylyl cyclase and cAMP as well as opening of G-protein gated inward rectifying potassium (GIRK) channels. The opening of these channels results in an efflux of potassium from the neuron, causing the neuron to be hyperpolarized. Furthermore, the G-beta/gamma subunit of the MOPR deactivates voltage-gated calcium channels, preventing calcium from entering the neuron; this creates inhibition to neurotransmitter release in addition to hyperpolarization. In peripheral neurons of the ascending pain pathway, hyperpolarization prevents transmission of pain signaling, thereby reducing perception of pain. In interneurons of the descending pain modulatory pathway, hyperpolarization prevents the release of GABA, which normally inhibits the descending modulatory pathway. By &quot;inhibiting the inhibitor&quot;, the descending pain modulatory pathway is activated and allows for further attenuation of pain. By oxymorphone acting as an agonist of MOPRs, it effectively prevents pain transmission in the ascending pathway and allows for pain inhibition by de-inhibiting the descending pain pathway, thereby managing pain.
730169512	N/A
730004785	Oxymorphone (Opana) is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor located in both the periphery (ascending pathway) and the CNS (descending pathway). The targets normal role when bound by endogenous opioids is to signal through G alpha i to decreased cAMP which activates the GIRK channel and leads to hyperpolarization of the neuron. This makes it harder for the neuron to fire thereby reducing pain. When oxymorphone acts as an agonist it attenuates the nociceptive pain signaling in the periphery and enhances pain modulation in the descending pathway which decreases the pain response. The indication of oxymorphone is pain management and the pharmacological category is opioid, analgesic.
730338642	Oxymorphone, or Opana, is an agonist of the MOPR located on both the peripheral nociceptive neurons as well as the pain neurons in the CNS. Normally, natural opiates act as agonists of the MOPR and signal by GPCR via the G alpha i subunit to decrease cAMP concentrations and activate GIRK channels. These channels hyperpolarize neurons, making it more difficult for them to fire, thus decreasing nociceptive signaling and enhancing pain modulatory signaling. As a MOPR agonist, oxymorphone manages pain by attenuating the ascending nociceptive (i.e. excitatory) pathway and enhancing the modulatory descending (i.e. inhibitory) pathway.
730305018	Oxymorphone (Opana) is an agonist for the mu opioid peptide receptor. Endogenous opioid peptides normally bind to the mu opioid peptide receptors which are GPCR&#39;s bound to Gi. The receptors are found on neurons in the peripheral ascending nociceptive pathway and the CNS descending pathway. Opioid binding leads to decreased cAMP which opens inwardly rectifying potassium channels which allows potassium to flow out. Calcium channels are closed which prevents calcium from flowing into the cell. This hyperpolarizes the neuron and attenuates nociceptive neurotransmission in the ascending pathway and also enhances pain modulatory signals in the descending pathway by inhibiting the GABA interneuron. Oxymorphone binding leads to these same analgesic effects and ultimately decreases both the body&#39;s perception and response to pain.
730308957	Oxymorphone is a MOPR agonist located in peripheral nociceptive neurons and neurons in the CNS. Normally, endogenous opioid peptides bind to MOPR, which acts through Gai to decrease adenylyl cyclase and cAMP. It also binds to GIRK to efflux potassium, as well as, to Ca2+ channels to prevent calcium from coming into the cell. This prevents depolarization of the cell and therefore transduction of neurotransmitters in the peripheral to the CNS to signal the perception of pain. Oxymorphone binds to MOPR to inhibit the ascending pathway acting through Gai and to GABA neurons to inhibit inhibitory neurons in the descending pathway to turn on the antinocicetion system, together these actions prevent the perception and processing of pain.
730300665	Oxymorphone (Opana) is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptors (MOP) located on peripheral tissues on the ascending (excitatory) pain pathway and the descending (pain modulating) pathway. The endogenous opioids, or endorphins, bind to MOP, a GCPR coupled with G(alpha)i and this causes a decrease in cAMP levels, activates GIRK leading to an efflux of potassium ions, and closes the voltage-gated calcium ion channels which prevents neurotransmitters from being released from the neuron. This ultimately ceases neuronal firing and the transmitting of the nociceptive pain signal to subsequent neurons. Oxymorphone follows this same mechanism of action and works to decrease the perception of pain in patients. Hence, oxymorphone attenuates nociceptive signaling and is an agent for pain management.
730090428	Oxymorphone (Opana) is an opioid analgesic that is an irreversible orthosteric agonist of the mu-opioid receptor of the CNS. In normal physiology, the mu-opioid receptor plays a role in the ascending pain pathway, as when its GPCR is activated through g-alpha-i, the GIRK potassium influx channels are closed, causing depolarization and signaling pain. Oxymorphone binds to the mu-opioid receptor through g-alpha-i to cause the GIRK potassium influx channels to open, causing calcium to stay in the cell and hyperpolarizing the cell, making it harder for the cell to depolarize and preventing the pain signal in the ascending pathway.
730356527	Oxymorphone (brand name Opana) is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR), which is located on the peripherAl ascending nociceptive pathway as well as the CNS descending pain modulation pathway. The MOPR is a GPCR and when bound by an opioid peptide, acts via G-alpha-i to decrease cAMP, which activates GIRK to cause potassium to efflux from the neuron and closes voltage-gated calcium cells. This causes hyperpolarization of the neuron, which makes it more difficult to fire, therefore attenuating the pain signal transmission in the ascending pain pathway. In the descending pathway, OP binds to GABA-erginc interneurons to de-inhibit their inhibitory effects, leading to pain signal inhibition. Oxymorphone binding to the MOPR as an agonist leads to these same effects in the ascending and decsending pain pathways.
730013843	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor located on ascending nociceptive neurons and GABA-interneurons that synapse to pain-modulatory descending neurons. Normally, endogenous opioids such as endorphins bind to the mu opioid peptide receptor and block the ascending nociception of pain signaling, while also inhibit GABA-interneurons that normally inhibit descending pain-modulatory neurons, thus activating them and permitting descending pain-modulation. Oxymorphone binds to the mu opioid peptide receptor on ascending nociceptive and GABA-interneurons, activates G alpha i which causes activation of GIRK and efflux of K+ ions, then G beta-gamma closes the Ca2+ channels preventing Ca2+ influx and thus causes hyperpolarization of the neuron, which therefore limits its ability to fire and release neurotransmitters, and therefore lowers the transmission and perception of pain in the ascending pathway, while de-inhibiting pain-modulatory pathways in the descending pathway for the ultimate effect of pain management.
730094799	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor found on nociceptive neurons in the periphery and CNS neurons. Normally, opioid peptides bind to the opioid receptor [GPCR coupled to Gi which decreases cAMP levels] and activates GIRK, opening K channels to allow efflux and closing Ca channels to prevent influx which hyperpolarizes the cell and attenuates nociceptive pain signals in the ascending pathway. As an opioid peptide receptor agonist, oxymorphone also attenuates ascending nociceptive pain signals which is useful in pain management.
730340514	Oxymorphone is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) on peripheral nociceptive neurons in the ascending pathway and pain-modulating CNS neurons in the descending pathway (as well as other non-therapeutic areas of the CNS). Normally, endogenous opioid peptides bind to and activate the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR), which signals through Gai to decrease intracellular cAMP, thereby activating G-protein gated inward rectifying potassium (GIRK) channels, which allows the efflux of intracellular K+ ions, hyperpolarizing the neuron and making action potential initiation more difficult. This hyperpolarization attenuates nociceptive signaling in the peripheral ascending pathway and enhanances pain-modulating signaling from the CNS in the descending pathway (through the inhibition of inhibitory interneurons). As an agonist of the MOPR, oxymorphone activates the MOPR to attenuate peripheral nociceptive signaling and enhance pain-modulatory signaling from the CNS in order to decrease the perception of and response to pain.
730004256	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor, MOP, located on neurons of the peripheral and central nervous system. Normally, opioid peptides bind to the MOP activating Gi and decreasing cAMP. There is activation of the G-protein inward rectifying K+ channel, GIRK, resulting in an efflux of K+ ions. The beta and gamma subunits also close the Ca2+ channels, inhibiting Ca2+ conductance. This results in hyperpolarization of the neuron making it harder to fire and send a nonciceptive pain signal via the ascending pathway to the CNS. There is also an enhanced pain modulatory signal via the descending pain pathway. Oxymorphone is an agonist of the MOP and acts in the same manner as opioid peptides to inhibit the ascending nonciceptive pain pathway and enhance the perception and response to pain via the descending pain pathway. Oxymorphone is used for pain management.
720158983	Oxymorphone is an agonist of mu opioid peptide receptors (MOPRs) on nociceptive neurons in the ascending pain pathway. Normally, when MOPRs are bound by endogenous opioid ligands, the g-alpha-i subunit is activated which results in decreased intracellular cAMP. This causes activation of GIRKs and an efflux of intracellular potassium, causing the neuron to become hyperpolarized. As a result, the neuron is unable to fire and transmit a pain signal along the ascending pathway. As an agonist of MOPRs, oxymorphone blocks the transmission of pain signals along the ascending pathway, providing pain management for individuals with chronic pain.
730364730	Oxymorphone is a opioid analgesic that acts as an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). MOPRs are expressed on tissues in the periphery and CNS. Normally, opioid peptides bind to MOPR and can signal it via the G alpha i pathway. This in turn decreases cAMP, which activates the GIRK channel to create potassium efflux, which will then hyperpolarize the neuron. The hyperpolarization makes it harder for neuronal firing, and it decreases nociceptive neurotransmission in the ascending pathway and enhances pain-modulatory actions in the descending pathway so that the feeling of pain is decreased. Oxymorphone works in the same way as an agonist and it will attenuate nociceptive neurotransmission so that pain signals to the brain are decreased.
730304969	Oxymorphone is a semi-synthetic opioid analgesic that is a reversible agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor. Normally, when a tissue is damagned, nociceptors release neurotransmitters such as GABA in order to allow for neurotransmission of pain signals to the CNS. This will result in a person feeling pain. Oxymorphone binds to the mu opiod peptide receptors, which are GPCR bound to Gai, on nociceptors. The Ga unit will activate GIRK to allow for K efflux, and the Gby unit will de-activate or close voltage gated Ca channels. This will then prevent the release of GABA from nociceptors. As a result, neurotransmission of pain signals to the CNS will be inhibited, and a person will feel less or no pain. Oxymorphone is therefore a drug used to treat pain.
730338011	Oxymorphone is a mu opioid peptide receptor agonist that is indicated for pain management. The MOPR is located on peripheral nociceptive neurons in the ascending pathway and CNS pain neurons in the descending pathway. In normal physiology, endogenous opioid peptides bind to MOPR, which is a GPCR with a G-alpha i subunit. This binding causes a decrease in cAMP in the neuron and opens the GIRK channels, allowing for efflux of potassium ions. Simultaneously, calcium channels on the neuron are closed, preventing an influx of calcium. These changes to the ion channels cause hyperpolarization of the neuron and prevent further neurotransmitter release, thus interrupting transmission of pain signals and attenuating the pain response. Oxymorphone is an agonist, so it also binds to MOPR, opens the GIRK channel, hyperpolarizes the neurons both the ascending and descending pain pathways, and attenuates the pain response. In the ascending pathway, MOPR activation prevents glutamate neurons from sending pain signals to the brain. In the descending pathway, MOPR activation prevents GABA neurons from inhibiting pain inhibition.
730364567	Oxymorphone is a semi-synthetic opioid and acts as a mu opioid peptide receptor agonist. It works by binding to the mu opioid receptors (GPCR) in the CNS of the ascending inhibitory nociceptor pathway, which inhibits the release of GABA, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, which &quot;takes the brake off&quot; of the pain relieving pathway. Typically, when an excitatory neurotransmitter binds to the neuron, sodium and calcium voltage gated channels open, leading to the efflux of cations which results in the depolarizaiton of that neuron and spreads the action potential. However, when oxymorphone binds to the MOPR, which is a GPCR bound to a G-alpha-i, the GIRK channel is activated leading to an influx of potassium ions, and also the deactivation of the calcium efflux channel, which leads to hyperpolarization of the neuron. With the hyperpolarization, it is much harder for the neuron to depolarize and generate action potentials. As a result, the neuron does not spread the signal of pain through the nociceptive pathway. Oxymorphone is indicated for pain management.
730305085	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric agonist of the mu-opioid receptors in the peripheral neurons (ascending &#39;excitatory&#39; pathway) and CNS neurons (descending &#39;modulatory&#39; pathway). OP receptors are GPCRs that are coupled to Galpha-i, and therefore binding of opioid peptide ligands causes a decrease of cAMP in the cell and activation of GIRK channels which causes an efflux of potassium ions. In addition, the Gbeta-gamma proteins cause Calcium channels on the neuron to close and inhibit Calcium entry into the cell. Therefore, the membrane becomes hyperpolarized and stimuli that would normally activate the neuron and cause neurotransmitter release, does not. Oxymorphone binds to the OP receptor and activates GIRK, which inhibits excitatory neurons in the ascending pathway (glutamate neurons) and inhibits inhibitory interneurons in the CNS (GABA neurons), which results in activation of the descending pathway. In this way, oxymorphone reduces pain stimuli as well as the perception of pain.
730301186	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). The MOPR is found in the ascending nocicpetive pain pathway in the periphery and CNS descending pathway. Normally, opioids bind to MOPR, which is a GPCR coupled to G alpha i that decreases cAMP. This opens the GIRK channel to lower the membrane potential causing hyperpolarization in neurons in the noniceptive pathway, making it more difficult for them to fire. Opioids also attentuate pain in the CNS by inhibiting the release of GABA from interneurons that acts to inhibit pain inhibitor neurons. Oxymorphone binds orthosterically to the MOPR to attenuate pain signaling in the CNS and hyperpolarize neurons in the peripheral nociceptive pathway making it more difficult for them to fire. Both of these actions result in the attenuation of neuronal signaling that causes pain.
730345314	Oxymorphones (Opana) is an orthosteric reversible agonist of the Mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) found in ascending and descending pathways (CNS and periphery). In normal physiology the MOPR is agonized by an opioid peptide which induces a conformational change that signals through G alpha i. G-alpha-i activates GIRK which lets potassium ions efflux out of the cell. This efflux causes hyperpolarization of the cell which attenuates signaling. G-beta and gamma cause calcium channels to close further hyperpolarizing the cell. In the descending pathway it &quot;inhibits the inhibitor&quot; thus activating anti-nociception. In the ascending pathway it attenuates nociception signaling. Oxymorphone as an agonist induces the pathway that the endogenous ligand produces (mentioned previously) and thus relieving pain and used for pain management.
730306008	Oxymorphone is a reversible orthostereic agonist of mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). MOPRs are GPCRs found on nociceptive peripherial neurons and on CNS pain pathway neurons. Normally, opioid peptide bind to MOPR and activate Gai. This causes decrease in cAMP and activates G-protein gated inward rectifying potassium channel (GIRK). Activation of GIRK leads to an efflux of K+ ions from neurons which causes hyperpolarization of the neuon, making it more difficult to activate and fire. The beta and gamma subunit of the receptor also deactivate the voltage-gated Ca2+ channels, further hyperpolarizing the neuron. As an agonist, oxymorphone activates MOPRs to attenuate nociceptive pain neurotransmission on ascending pathway and enhance pain modulatory signaling on descending pathway.
730170040	Oxymorphone is a mu opioid peptide receptor antagonist that works to activate the Gi receptor to increase hyperpolarization of the cell to modulate the ascending pathway of pain neurotransmission. The Gi opioid recepotrs are found in the CNS and the PNS, and are normally activated by opioids that work to modulate pain signaling. Oxymorphone works to activate the Gi receptor, thus increasing the activity of GIRK, which brings back potassium into the cell and stops Ca influx to hyperpolarize the cell, and decreases adenylate cyclase and cAMP signaling to treat acute and chronic pain.
730335117	Oxymorphone is an agonsit of MOPR locating in peripheral and CNS neurons. Normally opioid peptides bind to MOPR via Gai, decrease cAMP thereby activate GIRK. K flows out, Gbeta-gamma closes Cav channel, thus lead to hyperpolarization of nociceptive neurons and further inhibit pain signal transmission. As an agonist, Oxymorphone blocks pain signal transmission in ascending pathway and relieves inhibition of pain modulation in descending pathway.
730075914	Oxymorphone is a competitive, reversible agonist of the mu opioid receptor (MOPR) found in the CNS. Normally the MOPR is bound by an opioid peptide that stimulates the receptor to signal via G-alpha i leading to the opening of GIRK channels, the closing of Ca2+ channels and a decrease in cAMP. These combine to help to hyperpolarize the cell making it harder to trasmit a nociceptive signal. When a nociceptive signal is stopped, the pain response is decreased. By acting as an agonist at the MOPR, oxymorphone plays a role in pain managment by helping to decrease pain signalling.
730300294	The API of Opana is oxymorphone. Oxymorphone is an agonist of the Mu Opioid Peptide Receptor (MOPR). Normally, when the MOPR is activated it alters the perception and response to pain. It attenuates pain transmission by binging interneurons in the PNS and CNS in the nociceptive pathway, and stops the inhibition of the pain inhibitory pathway, or pain modulating pathway. By binding the MOPR that are on the GABAergic interneurons, it stops the release of GABA which means that the pain inhibitory pathway will no longer be inhibited. These two actions cause the altering of perception of pain and increase in the pain modulating pathway.
730296888	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) located on peripheral nociceptive neurons in the ascending &quot;excitatory&quot; pathway and on CNS pain modulatory neurons in the descending &quot;pain modulatory&quot; pathway. Normally, opioid peptides are agonists of MOPRs, which are GPCRs that signal through Gai to decrease cAMP, thereby activating GIRK channels, resulting in hyperpolarization of the neuron. Hyperpolarization makes it harder for the neuron to fire, therefore, nociceptive neurotransmission is decreased and pain modulation is enhanced. Because oxymorphone is an agonist of the MOPR, it attenuates nociceptive neurotransmission in the peripheral ascending pathway and potentiates pain modulation in the descending pathway, reducing the perception of and response to pain.
730222792	Oxymorphone [Opana] is an opioid analgesic that acts an competitive agonist of the Mu Opioid Peptide Receptor[MOP receptor] located in the CNS and nociception pathways neurons. Normally opioid peptides binds to and activates the MOP receptor which is a G alpha i coupled protein receptor. Once actived g alpha i decreases the concentration of cAMP which activates GIRK which causes the depolaraztion of neurons in the CNS which anttenuates the firing of neurons in the nociception ascending pathway. When oxymorphone binds to the MOP receptor it attenuates the nociception patway and the pain modulatory pathway which lessing the awarness and feeling of pain.
730014819	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor. The mu OP receptor is a GPCR coupled to a G-alpha i found in CNS and peripheral neurons. Normally, opioid agonists activate the mu OP receptor to decrease cAMP and open GIRK channels that result in potassium efflux and neuron hyperpolarization to attenuate neurotransmission. By activating the mu OP receptor, oxymorphone decreases nociceptive neurotransmission and enhances pain-modulatory signaling to help manage pain.
730000406	Oxymorphone is an agonist of mu opioid peptide receptors (MOPR), which are found in two locations: the periphery and the CNS. Normally, an opioid peptide binds to MOPRs on neurons in the ascending pain pathway (periphery) and in the descending pain pathway (CNS) and signals through Gai to decrease cAMP and activate GIRK. Activation of GIRK causes potassium channels to open and potassium to leave the neuron, which causes hyperpolarization and prevents and action potential from propagating and a neurotransmitter from being released. Further, the beta-gamma subunits prevent the calcium channels from opening, which leads to more hyperpolarization and contributes to the prevention of neurotransmitter release. In the ascending pathway, this activity prevents the pain signal from traveling and in the descending pathway this action inhibits GABA interneurons, which normally inhibit the inhibitor of pain inhibitory neurons and thus, prevents the feeling of pain. As an agonist, oxymorphone mimics the action of endogenous opioids to attenuate signaling in the ascending pathway and enhance signaling in the descending pathway.
730336626	Oxymorphone, brand name Opana, is a member of the Opioid Analgesic Class. It functions as an orthosteric antagonist of the mu opioid receptor on the periphery and CNS neurons. In normal physiology (normal pain signalling) nociceptive signalling stimulates signal transduction in the nociceptive paithway to trigger physiologic and psychologic responses to pain. Use of an opioid analgesic such as oxymorphone inhibits pain signal transduction providing a analgesic effect. This pathway works by the opiate binding to the Mu Opioid Receptor on the periphery and CNS neuron. This binding activates the Gai subunit which stimulates a decrease in cAMP and activates the GIRK channels. this leads to an efflux of potassium, and closure of the calcium channels. The combination of potassium efflux and closed calcium channels causes hyperpolarizaiton of the neuron, and causes inhibition of neurotransmitter release, which causes inhibition of signal transduction. Inhibition of nociceptive signal transduction creates the analgesic effect.
730163464	Oxymorphone (brand name: Opana) is an opioid analgesic. It is an irreversible antagonist of mu opioid peptide receptors in the CNS, which in normal physiology, activates the ascending nociceptive pathways of pain. When oxymorphone binds MOPRs, however, it hyperpolarizes/inhibits the ascending pain pathways. This leads to a change in perception and response of pain and overall generalized CNS depression. Therefore, oxymorphone is used as pain management therapy.
730309616	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). Oxymorphone&#39;s target is MOPRs in the CNS. Normally, when MOPRs are activated, CNS neurons send nociceptive signals through the ascending pathway and pain modulating signals through the descending pathway. When oxymorphone binds to MOPRs, a GPCR coupled to Galpha-i is activated and K+ is effluxed via GIRK while Ca2+ is unable to enter the neuron. This hyperpolarizes the neuron, which makes it harder for the neuron to fire a signal through the ascending and descending pain pathways.
730004713	Oxymorphone is a competitive agonist of the opioid peptide receptor in the central nervous system. In normal physiology, the activation of the opioid peptide receptor causes activation of G alpha i and activation of GIRK channels, which causes efflux of potassium and also blocks the release of calcium. Consequently, the nerve cell becomes hyperpolarized, blocking the release of neurotransmitter to decrease nociceptive signaling on the ascending pathway and alter the response to pain. Oxymorphone is a semi-synthetic opioid analgesic, and so, as an agonist of the opioid peptide receptor in the CNS, oxymorphone attenuates nociception and alters the response to pain by blocking neurotransmission along the ascending pathway.
730324249	Oxymorphone (Opana) is a reversible, agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor on nociceptive pain neurons and CNS pain pathway neurons. Normally, when the opioid peptide receptor is activated, the GPCR signals through G alpha i which will decrease cAMP. The decrease in cAMP leads to the activation of GIRK which allows potassium ions to flow into the neuron causing hyperpolarization of the membrane. Hyperpolarization makes it harder for the neurons to fire and therefore attenuates nociceptive pain transmission and increases pain modulation. Because oxymorphone acts as an agonist it mimics the normal physiologic outcome to stop nociceptive pain transmission and manage a patients pain symptoms.
730305081	N/A
730338500	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the MOPR on interneurons in the descending pain modulatory pathway and ascending nociceptive signaling pathway in the CNS and periphery. In normal physiology, endogenous opioid peptides bind to the mu opioid receptors that are coupled with Gai. Gai inhibits secretion of adenyl cyclase and cAMP causing GIRK channels to open, causing an outflow of K+ and close Ca2+ channels, blocking their entrance into the cell. This causes the cell to hyperpolarize, not allowing neurotransmitters like GABA and Glutamate to be released. Oxymorphone promotes this inhibition of GABA and Glutamate so that GABA cannot inhibit the pain inhibitory signals of the descending pathway and glutamate cannot relay nociceptive pain signaling in the ascending pathway, overall decreasing the perception of and response to pain.
730013201	Oxmorphone is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of mu opioid receptors, which are located in the peripheral neurons. Normally, an inhibitor is bound to MOPR in the pain modulatory descending pathway, inhibiting the analgesic effects. Oxymorphone binds to MOPR, which inhibits the the inhibitors from binding to MOPR, and activates the Gai pathway that decreases the [cAMP], thereby increasing the pain modulatory descending pathway desired for pain relief.
720517743	Oxymorphone is a semi-synthetic opioid analgesic that acts as an orthosteric agonist to opioid receptors on neurons. In normal physiology, the descending pain pathways utilize the neurotransmitter GABA to prevent pain sensory inhibition. Oxymorphone acts by binding to the opioid receptor, a GPCR, which then couples Gai. Gai then activates a G-protein gated inward rectifying (GIRK) potassium channel. Once GIRK has been activated, there is an efflux of potassium ions and Gby closes voltage-gated calcium channels. By effluxing potassium and preventing the conductance of calcium into the neuron, the neuron becomes hyperpolarized which strongly inhibits the release of GABA; thus, pain sensory inhibition may proceed.
730341519	Oxymorphone is a semi-synthetic opioid analgesic. It acts as a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide(MOP) receptor in the CNS which is a Galpha I GPCR. In pain signalling, the stimulus signal is sent from the periphery to the CNS and then up to the cerebral cortex. Along this pathway, the signal may be modified by anti-nociceptive interneurons in the descending pain modulating pathway. There are also GABA neurons associated with the pain modulating pathway that attenuates its activity. Normally, when activated, the MOP receptor inhibits the release of GABA, thus allowing for the anti-nociceptive activity to occur unhindered. Oxymorphone acts by activating the MOP receptor and allowing the anti-nocicptive pathway to operate without the inhibitory action of GABA. It also helps to reduce the transmission of the ascending pain signal by opening GIRK(K+ channel) on the neurons causing to hyperpolarization, and closing Ca2+ channels which inhibits neurotransmitter release. These actions all contribute to the oxymorphone&#39;s attenuation of ascending pain signals which provides analgesic affects and helps to reduce pain sensation.
730349484	Oxymorphone is an competitive orthosteric agonist at of the mu opioid peptide receptor found in the CNS. Oxymorphone binds to the MOPR, and inhibits/alters the perception of pain by binding to Gi. It does this by causing the neurons to become hyperpolarized, inhibiting pain signaling from neuron to neuron. Normally, a stimulus would initiate neuronal firing from the peripheral tissues to the CNS through the ascending pathway, and allows the brain to interpret pain. By blocking neuronal firing, oxycodone stops the pain from being percieved in the CNS.
730300545	Oxymorphone is a mu opioid receptor MOPR agonist. Normally, opioid peptides bind to opioid receptors on the peripheral nociceptive receptors and CNS pain pathways. By binding to mu opioid receptors, it binds to Galphai which causes an increase in cAMP concentration. This increase in cAMP concentration activates GIRK channels to cause an increase in potassium entering in and stop calcium from entering in and hyperpolarizes the cell. During this time, it is difficult to send neurotransmissions and pain signals. By acting as a mu opioid receptor agonist, Oxymorphone attenuates the neurotransmission and is able to treat pain.
730304972	The API of oxymorphone is Opana. Opana is an agonist of MOPR found in both the PNS (ascending &quot;excitatory&quot; pathway) and the CNS (descending pain modulating pathway) neurons. Normally, natural opioids (opioid peptides) bind to MOPR that is coupled to G alpha i and work to decrease cAMP levels and activate GIRK (while closing VG Ca2+ channels) to cause K+ efflux. This would then hyperpolarize the neuron and make it harder to fire. In other words, normally opioid peptides (such as morphine) would bind to MOPR that inhibits the GABA interneuron that normally inhibits the pain inhibitory pathway. Oxymorphone would attentuate this response to help decrease the perception and response to pain in order to aid in pain management. In other words, oxymorphone would attenuate nociceptive signaling in the ascending tract and inhibit pain modulation in the descending tract.
730304973	Oxymorphone is a reversible, competitive, agonist. The drug target is the MOPR in the peripheral nociceptive pathway and CNS pathway. In normal physiology Gai decreases cAMP, activates GIRK, causing efflux of potassium, closes the Ca2+ voltage gated channels, which causes hyperpolarization. This makes it harder for the action potential to fire/inhibits firing. Oxymorphone causes pain modulation in the descending pathway and reduces nociceptive signaling in the ascending pathway.
730012843	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of the mu-opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) in the ascending pathway of the CNS. Normally, nociceptive neurons activate the MOPR, which is coupled to G-alpha-i. Activation by the nociceptive neurons decreases cAMP and activates the GIRK potassium channels. This leads to an efflux of potassium ions and closure of voltage-gated calcium channels. The result is an inhibition of Ca2+ conductance, hyperpolarization, and inhibition of neurotransmitter release to prevent the signaling of pain. Like nociceptive neurons, oxymorphone agonizes the MOPR, and the result is inhibition Ca2+ conductance and neurotransmitter release, which is important for pain perception when managing pain.
730324303	1) oxymorphone is an agonist of the Mu opioid peptide (MOP) receptors 2) the drug&#39;s target is Mu opioid peptide receptor which is a GPCR located in the neurons of the CNS 3) In normal physiology, MOP receptors are bound bind endogenuos opioid which activates a G alpha i pathway. When activated, the G-protein gated inward rectifying potassium channel will open allowing efflux of K+ out of the cell. This, as a result, will hyperpolarize the cell membrane, and attenuate nociceptive signalling, resulting in inhibition of pain signal. On the ascending pathway, nociceptive signal is inhibited in the periphery. On the descending pathway, opioid will de-inhibit the pain modulatory by deactivating the GABA neurons, as a result, activating the pain modulatory neurons. 4) Acting as a MOP receptor agonist, oxymorphone produces the same effect throught the same mechanism mentioned in #3, thus resulting in inhibition of pain signal.
720451649	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor in the CNS and peripheral neurons. Normally, activation of this receptor plays a role in the ascending and descending pain pathways. In the ascending pathway, activation of the receptor attenuates nociceptive signaling. In the descending pathway, it deinhibits pain modulation. The mu opioid peptide receptor is a GPCR that activates through the G-alpha-i pathway. Activation of the receptor activates G-alpha-i (which decreases cAMP), which then activates GIRK channels to increase K+ efflux. This causes hyperpolarization and causes Ca++ channels to close and deactivate. Because Ca++ cannot activate, neurotransmitters are less likely to be released from the neuron. In the sense of GABA interneurons, activation of the mu opioid peptide receptor causes GABA to fire less, which means this inhibitory interneuron is inhibited, so pain modulation neurons can fire. As an agonist, oxymorphone is able to help with pain management through the ascending and descending pain pathways.
730304974	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the MOPR located on neurons in the nociceptive pathway. Normally, opioid peptides bind to the receptor, causing activation of Galpha(i), which opens inward rectifying potassium channels and closes calcium channels. This causes an efflux of potassium, and blocks calcium from entering the neuron. As a result, the neuron is hyperpolarized, which inhibits the propagation of pain. Oxymorphone activates this pathway to manage pain.
730020056	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid receptor found in peripheral neurons of the ascending &#39;excitatory&#39; pathway and CNS neurons in the descending &#39;pain modulatory&#39; pathway. In normal physiology, the mu opioid receptor is a GPCR that&#39;s coupled to G-alpha-i and activation of the GPCR causes a decrease in cAMP. The decrease in cAMP levels activates G-protein inward rectifying potassium channels (GIRK) and causes an increased influx of potassium which hyperpolarizes the neuron and makes neuronal firing more difficult. This leads to de-inhibition of inhibitory neurons in the descending pathway, meaning pain will be inhibited as a result, as well as attenuates the nociception in the ascending pathway. As an agonist of the mu opioid receptor, oxymorphone activates the GPCR and causes the inhibition of pain and nociception that is required to help manage pain.
720541446	Oxymorphone is a competitive, reversible mu opioid peptide receptor agonist. It targets the mu opioid receptor found on neurons. This drug&#39;s target is a GPCR coupled to G-alpha-i. When activated by binding to an opioid peptide, the drug&#39;s target decreases adenlylyl cyclase function, decreasing cAMP production and causing inhibitory downstream effects. Therefore, when oxymorphone binds to the mu opioid receptor, it activates G-alpha-i to ultimately cause inhibition of pain inhibitory neurons, thus affecting one&#39;s pain sensitivity (makes one less able to sense/feel pain). Also, the G-beta-gamma subunit of this GPCR causes arrestin binding and phosphorylation to have the cell take in the protein either to degrade for reuse or disposal.
730014494	Oxymorphone is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor located on peripheral nociceptive neurons and central nervous system pain neurons. In normal physiology, the MOPR, a G-alpha-I coupled GPCR, is bound by endogenous opioids, which causes a decrease in cAMP as well as stimulates GIRK to cause an efflux of potassium ions that hyperpolarizes the neuron. This prevents the signaling of nociceptive signals in the ascending pathway, modulates the perception of pain, and decreases neuron signaling in the descnding pain pathway. Oxymorphone is able to manage pain by stimulating the MOPR, which causes this hyperpolarization of neurons that decreases the ascending pathways of pain signaling as well as the perception of and response to pain.
730305979	Oxymorphone is an opioid analgesic. It is an agonist that acts on the MOPR located on peripheral nociceptive neurons and CNS neurons. Normally, MOPR signal through G-alpha-I to decrease concentrations of cAMP, which results in activation of GIRK. This leads to hyperpolarization of neurons, making it harder for neurons to fire. The result is decreased neurotransmission and modulation of pain signaling. Oxymorphone, as an agonist of MOPR, attenuates the peripheral nociceptive neurotransmission and modulates pain signaling in the descending pathway in the CNS. Overall, this reduces the perception of and response to pain. Oxymorphone is indicated for pain management.
720401318	1. agonist 2. mu opioid peptide receptor of CNS neurons and peripheral nociception neurons 3. When opioid binds, it activates G alpha i to decrease cAMP to rectifying GIRK for potassium concentration increase inside the cell. That increase will block Ca+ channels and lead to hyperpolarization of the cell and hold the release of neurotransmitter. 4. As an opioid agonist, oxymorphone will bind to mu opioid peptide receptor to attenuate the perception of pain in the ascending pathway and inhibit the modulating descending pathway acting as an analgesic.
730344044	Oxymorphone is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid receptor (MOP) primarily located on GABA-ergic neurons in the descending pathway of the nervous system. Normally, MOP are bound by endogenous endorphins, which activate the G-alpha-i subunit which opens the G-protein-gated inward rectifying potassium channel, which causes a closing of the calcium channels, which causes the nervous cell to hyperpolarize and prevent signaling. Oxymorphone acts as an agonist of the MOP, which causes inhibition of the GABA-ergic neurons, which allows for pain modulation in the descending pathway, which can be used to manage pain.
730342829	Oxymorphone is a mu-opioid receptor agonist that exhibits reversible, competitive orthosteric binding at the mu-opioid receptors on descending, GABA-ergic interneurons in the CNS. In normal physiology, endogenous opioid peptides bind to the mu-receptor on the interneuron leading to an influx of sodium and calcium, depolarization of the neuron, and neurotransmitter release into the synapse with the help of the calcium present. The neurotransmitter here is GABA, an inhibitory neuron that inhibits the pain inhibition pathway. When Oxymorphone competitively binds to the mu-OP receptor instead of the endogenous opioid peptide, it activates the Galpha-i GPCR on the neuron. The alpha-ATP complex deactivates adenyl cyclase and decreases the levels of cAMP in circluation. This casues the GIRK channels on the neuron to open, casuing potassium to leave the neuron. The beta-gamma complex closes Calcium voltage-gated channels and prevents calcium influx. These two actions cause hyperpolarization of the neuron and decrease the resting potential towards that of potassium. At a hyperpolarized state, the neuron cannot release the neurotransmitter and the inhibition of the inhibitory pathway is turned off. This leads to decreased nociceptive attentuation in the descending pathway and increased analgesic effects.
730361796	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) expressed on the peripheral neurons and in the CNS neurons. Normally, opioid peptides are the endogeneous agonist of MOPR which signals via G-alpha-i to decrease cAMP concentration leading to activation of G protein inward rectifying potassium (GIRK) channels which hyperpolarize the neurons, making them harder to fire, thereby decreasing nociceptive neurotransmissions, and enhacing pain-modulatory signaling. By acting as a MOPR agonist, oxymorphone attenuates pain signaling in the periphery and enhances the nociceptive-modulatory signaling in the descending pathway to reduces the perception of and response to pain in pain management.
730009316	Oxymorphone or Opana is a class II MOPR agonist. It is used for pain management by acting on MOPR receptors in the peripheral nociceptive neurons (ascending pathway) and pain neurons in the CNS (descending pathway). MOPRs are Gai GPCRs and it causes a decrease in camp in addition to the activation of GIRK. The activation of GIRK causes opening of K+ channels which causes an efflux of K+ ions out of the cell. Activation of the MOPRs also causes the By (beta/gamma) subunit of the Gai GPCR to inhibit voltage gated Ca+ channels. This means that calcium cannot enter the cell and effectively hyperpolarizes the cell and prevents it from releasing neurotransmitters. When the neurotransmitters are not released, there will be a decreased signal for pain. In normal physiology, the receptor would act in reducing pain signaling.
730347896	Oxymorphone is a reversible, non-competitive antagonist of the mu-opioid receptor found in the CNS. Oxymorphone is a semi-synthetic opioid analgesic that acts by binding to the MOPR in the CNS that then attenuates the signaling in the ascending pain pathway, and leads to an alteration of the perception and response to pain. Therefore causing a &quot;pain reduction.&quot;
720461998	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of MOPR in peripheral nociceptive neurons and CNS pain-modulating neurons. Usually, MOPR is bound to by endogenous opiates to cause (1) Gai-coupled decrease of intracellular cAMP levels, (2) opening of GIRK K+ channels and subsequent K+ efflux, and (3) closing of Ca2+ channels. In the context of pain modulation, this causes hyperpolarization of GABAergic neurons, attenuation of the inhibition of pain-inhibitory neurons, and decreased nociception and pain perception. These effects make oxymorphone a useful opioid analgesic for pain management.
730078207	Oxymorphone is a mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) agonist. The MOPR is a GPCR located both in the periphery and CNS neurons (on the ascending and descending pain signaling pathways). Upon activation from an opioid peptide or other endogenous ligands, the MOPR signals via GaI which decreases concentration of cAMP and leads to the activation of GIRK ion channels, which allow K+ ions to enter the neuron through its pore. When activated, the GIRK channels can prevent K+ ion flow, and the Beta-arrestin pathway contributes to the inhibition of Ca++ ion flow into the neuron, resulting in a hyperpolarized neuron that is difficult to fire any action potential. As an agonist, oxymorphone increases the activity at the MOPR leading to attenuation of pain signaling (altering the perception of pain and response to it). The drug is indicated for pain management.
730006868	Oxymorphone, brand name Opana, is an opioid analgesic that binds to the mu opioid peptide receptor as an agonist. Normally, the mu-opioid peptide receptor is activated by opioid peptides to attenuate the nociceptive signaling of the asencding excitatory pathway from the periphery (towards CNS). It also inhibits the inhitiory (de-inhibits) pain modulating pathway from the CNS that decsends down into the periphery. Specifically, by binding to MOPR (a GPCR on neurones) through Gai, endogenous opioid peptides inactivate Adenylyl Cyclase and decrease cAMP concentrations. The decrease in cAMP activates the GIRK channel, causing an K+ ions to efflux out of the cell, leading to hyperpolarization. In addition the gamma subunit of the GPCR closes calcium channels, inhibitng the neurotransmitter, in this case GABA, from fusing with the synapse and being released to cause a pain signaling effect. Oxymorphone, an opioid analgesic, has this same effect of blocking neuotransmitter release and inhbiting the ascending pathway as an agonist of this receptor, ultimately to modulate the way a patient feels pain so they can tolerate it, and ultimtately feel less of its severity.
730363572	Oxymorphone is a mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) agonist, which is a GPCR agonist and can be found peripherally on nociceptive neurons and in CNS pain pathway neurons. Normally, activation of MOPR will activate G alpha i, which will decrease cAMP concentrations. This will activate GIRK, a potassium channel located on the neuron, and cause hyperpolarization of the neuron. This will make it harder for the neuron to fire, decreasing nociceptive neurotransmission, and enhancing pain modulatory signaling. As a MOPR agonist, oxymorphone will attenuate nociceptive signaling in the periphery and enhance the pain modulating pathway in the descending pathway of the CNS. The end result is a decrease in the perception of and response to pain.
730364568	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor, which is located on neurons in both the CNS and PNS. Normally activation of these neurons is involved in the nociception of pain to the CNS by ascending neurons and the attenuation of pain inhibition in descending tracts. Activation of the mu opioid receptor, a GPCR coupled to Gi, leads to decreased levels of cAMP and subsequent activation of GIRK causing potassium efflux and hyperpolarization of that neuron. The consequence of this hyperpolarization is the inability of that neuron to propagate a signal from a stimulus. The therapuetic use for this activity is to decrease afferent pain signalling from the PNS and to decrease the inhibition of pain attenuating neurons in the CNS; The net affect being to decrease pain for a patient.
730363249	Oxymorphone is a reversible agonist of the MOPR in the CNS and nociceptive neurons in the PNS. Normally, opiate molecules bind the MOPR, as g alpha i causing a decrease in cAMP, as well as, binding by g-alpha subunit to GIRK, allowing efflux of K+. This results in a hyperpolarization of the cell which prevents pain signaling in the CNS, and relieving inhibition of inhibitory signals in the ascending pathway. Thus, as a MOPR agonist, oxymorphone further stimulates this action, decreaseing CNS pain signaling and releaving inhibition of inhibitory signals pain signals in the periphery which results in pain relief.
730338781	Oxymorphone is an agonist. The drugs target is mu opioid peptide receptors (MOPR) and is located in many places in the body but specifically on neurons in the CNS and periphery in terms of activity for oxymorphone. In normal physiology, The ascending pathway of nociception starts in the periphery and signals through the spinal cord to the brain stem all the way up to the cortex. The MOPR inhibits neurons or decreases the liklihood of the firing an action potential between neurons in this pathway through modulation or attentuation of the neuron. This occurs by increasing potassium influx to the cell so that the action potential cannot occur and inhibiting calcium so that neurotransmitter cannot be released and the signal cannot be passed to the next neuron. When oxymorphone is taken in the presence of pain, it activates MORP so that the nociceptive signal is inhibited and the firing of action potentials in the CNS to the brain is decreased which is characteristic of pain and common treatment in pain management.
730341595	1. Oxymorphone (Opana) is a reversible agonist of 2. mu opioid peptide receptors (MOPR) located on peripheral nociceptive neurons and CNS pain-modulating neurons.3. Normally, Opioid peptide binds to MOPR and acts via G-alpha i to decrease cAMP, thereby activating G-protein gated inward rectifying potassium channels (GIRK) that hyperpolarize the cell and make it difficult for the neuron to fire. It inhibits the ascending nociceptive pathway and enhances the descending pain-modulating pathway. . 4. Oxymorphone acts as MOPR agonist and attenuates the peripheral nociceptive signals (in the ascending, excitatory pathway) and potentiates the CNS pain-modulating signals (in the descending pathway) to decrease the perception of and response to pain.
730015219	Oxymorphone is a reversible orthosteric agonist of the MOPR. MOPR is GPCR located on neurons in the peripheral (ascending pathway) and the CNS (descending pathway. Normally, when a pain stimulus is present, neurons fire in the periphery and send signals to the CNS and ultimately to the brain to perceive the nociception. Also, the body has a natural pain modulating system in the descending pathway which is usually off in the absence of pain stimuli due to GABA inhibiting the release of pain modulating neurotransmitters. Opioids like oxymorphone act by hyperpolarizing the neurons (decrease cAMP, opens GIRK channels, K+ efflux and stops Ca++ influx) so they can&#39;t send nociception signals to the brain (ascending pathway) and by inhibiting GABA internuerons which allows for pain modulating neurotransmitters to be released (descending).
730305268	Oxymorphone is a semi-synthetic opioid that acts as a reversable agonist for the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) which are prodominately found on nociceptor neurons in the peripheral nervous system and the decending pathway of the CNS. Whent the normal agonist of MOPR the G alpha i subunit is released causes a deacrease in cAMP decreaseing its signaling power. It also interacts with GIRK channels causing an influx of potassium which hyperpolarizes the neuron making it much harder to fire. When oxymorphone is used it attenuates the nociception signaling in the periphery and increases the modulation of pain via the decending pathway.
730305181	Oxymorphone (brand name opana) is a semi-synthetic derivative of morphine. It works by binding to the OP receptros on the CNS and plays a role in the ascending pain pathway. OP binds to the Gai on GPCR complex and this inhibits CAMP and directly effects GIRK which then inhibits the influx of potassium ions and prevents membrane depolarization. At the same time, G beta, gama complex ihibits the opening of Calcium channels. The cell does not get to be depolarised and the NP (pain receptors) are not released. This way, Oxymorphone agonises OP receptros, which in turn prevents pain perception. It is used for pain management and has euphoria effect which can lead to opioid dependancy in patients.
730300937	Oxymorphone (Opana) is an opioid analgesic that is used for pain management. It is an orthosteric reversible agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). It binds to this receptor in the peripheral nociceptive neurons and in CNS pain pathway neurons. Normally an opioid peptide would bind to this receptor which signals through G alpha i to decrease cAMP. This leads to the activation of GIRK which allows potassium to leave the cell, this leads to calcium channels closing and overall hyperpolarization of the cell. This hyperpolarization causes the neuron to not be able to fire, therefore decreasing neurotransmission. Oxymorphone agonizes this receptor and causes a reduction in the ascending nociceptive pathway signals and inhibits the inhibitor (gaba) in the pain modulatory pathway so this pathway is potentiated. This is how oxymorphone is used for pain management.
730257887	Oxymorphone is classified as an opioid analgesic that targets the mu opioid peptide (MOP) receptor as a competitive, orthosteric, and reversible agonist. Endogenous opioid peptides relieve pain by attenuating the ascending nociceptive pathway through binding to MOP receptors located in the periphery and CNS as well as potentiating the descending modulatory pain perception pathway through binding to MOP receptors located in the CNS. Opioid peptide receptors are GPCRs coupled to Gi which upon agonist binding, inhibits ascending nociceptive signaling and de-inhibits descending pain modulatory signaling. Oxymorphone is used to mimic the effects of endogenous opioid peptides to manage pain through both the ascending and descending pain pathways by binding to opioid peptide receptors.
730364945	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) found on peripheral nociceptive neurons in the ascending, excitatory pathway, as well as on CNS pain pathway neurons (the descending, modulatory pathway). Normally, opioid peptides bind and activate the MOPR, and signal through Gai to decrease cAMP, activate GIRK channels, and hyperpolarize the neuron. This then makes the neuron harder to fire, and decreases neurotransmission. As an agonist of the MOPR, oxymorphone binds to activate this pathway, and works to decrease nociceptive neurotransmission and pain signalling and enhance pain modulatory signalling to manage pain.
730301189	Oxymorphone, Opana, is in the drug class opioid analgesic. It is an agonist targeting the Mu opioid receptor in the CNS. In normal physiology, pain is preceived from nociceptors and signaled to the brain via the ascending pathway (via neurontransmitters). In normal physiology, action potentials happen in the neuron, and it causes opening of the Ca2+ channels, which is responsible for signaling the action potentials to the next neurons. Oxymorphone binds to the Mu opioid receptor, GPCR coupled Gai in neurotransmitters, which causes a cascade of downstream effects. One of them is GIRK, where it causes an efflux of potassium into the cell by opening the potassium channels. As a result, it would not open for Ca2+ due to the electropotentials caused by GIRK. Without Ca2+, the neurons can&#39;t fire to continue the action potentials to the next neuron. Therefore, it attenuates the pain signaling.
730364732	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptors present in the peripheral ascending nociceptive pain neural pathway as well as the descending pain modulating neural pathway. In normal physiology, endogenous opioids bind to MOPR and as a G alpha i GPCR, concentrations of cAMP are decreased. Upon decrease of cAMP, Galpha activates GIRK which results in an efflux of potassium and hyperpolarization of the cell and Gbetagamma closes Calcium ion channels, further preventing neurotransmission. As an agonist, oxymorphone conveys this same activity and is thus used in pain management by attentuating nociceptive pain signalling and de-inhibiting descending pain modulation pathways.
730302084	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor found on neurons in both ascending and descending neurons in pain pathways. Normally, the MOPR is bound by opioid peptides and transmits pain signals to the brain. Oxymorphone binds to the MOPR and acts as an agonist to induce hyperpolarization, thus blocking pain signaling and creating an analgesic effect.
730012427	Oxymorphine is an agonist of the MOPR present on nociceptive peripheral neurons and CNS pain pathway neurons. Normally, opioid peptides activate this receptor, G alpha i is activated, and cAMP is decreased. As a result, ascending and descending pain pathways are affected, such that nociceptive signaling of the ascending pathway is attenuated and the pain modulatory descending pathway is de-inhibited. As an agonist, oxymorphone activates this pathway in order to manage pain through decreasing perception and response to pain.
730008469	Oxymorphone is a competitive agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). The MOPR is expressed on the CNS and PNS in the ascending and descending pathways. Normally, MOPR is activated by endogenous ligands to modulate pain. Its activation results in a decrease in cAMP in the neuron through Gi activation, opening of GIRK channels allowing K efflux and closing of voltage gated Ca channels preventing Ca influx. These effects work to hyperpolerize the neuron so it is less likely to transmit an action potention, and, when it does fire, it will release fewer neurotransmitters into the synaptic cleft due to the Ca channel inhibition. The therapeutic effect comes from decreased nociceptive signailing in the ascending pathways and decreased inhibiton of pain modulatory signaling in the descending pathway resuling in decreased pain sensitization.
730308977	Oxymorphone is an opioid analgesic and serves as an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) on peripheral nociceptive neurons in ascending pathways as well as CNS pain modulating neurons of descending pathways. Normally, endogenous opioid peptides (endorphins) bind to MOP receptors peripherally on nocicpetive neurons, which have GPCRs that exhibit G-alpha-i downstream effects. The binding of endogenous ligand to the receptor decreases cAMP levels, activates GIRK, and hyperpolarizes the neuron to make neuronal firing more difficult and to prevent neurotransmitter release in the ascending pathway. In the descending pathway, pain inhibitory neurons are normally controlled by GABA interneurons, which block pain modulating capabilities, allowing pain to be felt following a stimulus. By binding to MOPR in peripheral nociceptive neurons and CNS pain modulating neurons, oxymorphone prevents nociceptive signaling from traveling through ascending pathways and inhibits the GABA interneuron in descending pathways, which results in decreased nociception and increased pain modulation that helps therapeutically manage pain.
730304975	Oxymorphone (Opana) is a semi-synthetic opioid analgesic indicated for management of pain. This drug is a mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) agonist; MOPR is found in neurons of the peripheral and central nervous system. In normal physiology, MOPR is responsible for transmitting pain signal transduction to the brain. When MOPR is activated by opioids, the resulting effect is that pain signal transduction is attenuated in the ascending pathway to the brain and neurotransmission is modulated in the descending pathway. Essentially, opioids inhibit the inhibitor (GABA) which is found on interneurons in the ascending pathway. Activation of MOPR causes side effects of lack of perception of pain, a sensation of euphoria (which contributes to abuse of opioids), and less pleasant side effects of nausea and vomiting.
730177416	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). These receptors are found in the peripheral nociceptive neurons as well as the descending modulatory pathway in the CNS. Binding of oxymorphone to the MOPR Gai causes decreased intracellular cAMP and activation of GIRK. This leads to an efflux of potassium ions from the cell causing hyperpolarization and decreased neuronal signalling. This decreased signalling in the peripheral nociceptive pathway prevents pain signals from reaching the CNS. The decreased signalling in the modulatory pathway of the CNS prevents firing of neurons that inhibit of the modulatory pathway that attenuates pain processing.
730309632	Oxymorphone (brand name Opana) is a mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) agonist. Mu opioid peptide receptors are found on neurons in the periphery and in the CNS, and are involved in the ascneding pathways that percieve and interperet pain in the higher brain regions, as well in the descending pathways that are involved in the physiologic response to pain. In normal physiology in which there is no pain stimulus present, GABA-inhibitory interneurons are activated to inhibit these pain inhibitory pathways by binding to the OP receptor so that the body can respond to pain appropriately to protect itself from harmful stimuli. Oxymorphone works by binding the MOPR, which is a GPCR that is coupled to G-alpha-i, and thus, inhibits the activity of adenylyl cyclase to decrease the intracellular concentration of cAMP in the cell. The G-alpha subunit goes on to activate GIRK channels to allow potassium ions to efflux from the cell. Additionally, the G protein beta-gamma heterodimer goes on to inactivate calcium ion channels, to prevent calcium influx into the cell. These two activities together cause hyperpolarization of neurons, which in turn makes it harder for the nueron to fire and transmit pain signals, resulting in analgesia, as pain signals are inhibited from reaching the higher brainr regions where pain is percieved and interpretted.
730163687	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor located on nociceptive neurons in the CNS and in the peripheral tissues. Normally, opioid peptides bind to the MOPR, which is a GPCR coupled to Gai, and this activates the GIRK channels, causing an efflux of K+ ions. The hyperpolarization of the neuron leads to prevention of Ca2+ from entering the cell, as well as inhibition of neurotransmitter release, leading to feelings of analgesia. GABA is inhibited from firing and as a MOPR agonist, oxymorphone attenuates the ascending nociceptive pathway while also modulating the descending pain pathway. Oxymorphone is a semi-synthetic opioid that is indicated for pain management.
730227103	Oxymorphone is an opioid analgesic, and binds to the MOPR and acts as an agonist of the receptor. The MOPR is located in nociceptive neurons in the CNS and the periphery, and in normal physiology dopamine binds to these receptors to block the nociceptive signaling of the neurons. It binds to MOPR which is a Gi which leads to decreased cAMP, activation of GIRK, and an efflux of potassium which leads to hyperpolarization of the neuron. This stops the action potential of the neuron and in turn stops the signaling. Since Oxymorphone is an agonist of this receptor it acts the same as if dopamine were to bind to the receptor and it stops the signaling in the nociceptive neurons.
730308980	Oxymorphone, brand name Opana, is a competitive, reversible agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptors in the CNS. Normally, MOPRs are coupled to G-alpha-i and decrease concentration of cAMP, close GIRK channels, and close calcium channels in order to hyperpolarize the neurons. By acting as an agonist, oxymorphone acts to hyperpolarize the neuron, thus making pain signal transmission to the brain much more difficult. It is used for pain management.
730084405	oxymorphone is an orthosteric reversible agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor. Normally, opioid peptides activate the mu opioid peptide receptor and signal through G alpha i to activate GIRK channels, leading to efflux of K from the cells, block Ca2+ influx, which hyperpolarizes the cell, and blocks neurotransmitter release to block nociception in the ascending pathway in the periphery. The binding of oxymorphone to MOP leads to the blockage of the ascending pathway of pain transmission, and &quot;inhibits the inhibitor&quot; in the CNS descending pathway to enhance pain modulation. Oxymorphone changes pain perception and response to pain, and results in generalized CNS depression. Oxymorphone is an opioid analgesic and it&#39;s indication is pain management.
730042911	Oxymorphone is a semisynthetic opioid analgesic. Its pharmacological role is a reversible MOP receptor agonist. Its drug targets are Mu opioid peptide receptors located in the peripheral on noiceptors, in the CNS, and on interneurons. In normal physiology, opioid peptide bind to the receptor and activates the G alpha i subunit which decreases cAMP concentration as well as act on GIRK channels. As a result, it drives an influx of potassium ions into the cell. The beta and gamma subunits bind to the calcium channels and inhibit calcium influx. As a result, the neuron becomes hyperpolarized which makes it harder to be activated and send signals. Oxymorphone acts as an agonist to the MOP receptor which activates the receptor activity. As a result, less pain signals are sent out from the noiceceptors which result in decreased pain perception.
730301145	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor located on PNS and CNS neurons. Normally, the MOPR is bound by opioid peptides and signals via G alpha i to decrease intracellular cAMP concentrations and activate GIRK channels. This leads to hyperpolarization of the cell and inhibition of release of neurotransmitter. Oxymorphone binds the MOPR to induce this activity to lead to the inhibition of ascending pain pathways in the CNS and result in decreased pain perception.
730043583	Oxymorphone is a competitive, reversible agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor located on the neurons in the pain pathway. Normally, engogenous endorphins target this GPCR, signaling to G-alpha-i to cause a decrease in cAMP. This decrease in cAMP subsequently causes an activation of the GIRK channels and this leads to an increase in potassium ion efflux in the neuron. This hyperpolarizes the neuron and therefore results in decresed neurotransmission of nociceptive pain because it requires a larger stimulus to get these neurons to fire. These receptor are located in the CNS, the spinal cord, and the the peripheral tissues, so when agonized, they reduce pain in parts of the pain pathway. Oxymorphone causes an increase in this normal physiologic signaling pathway detailed above. The therapeutic response, therefore, is pain management.
730305983	Oxymorphone is an agonist.. of the MOP receptor located in the CNS pain pathway neurons and in the peripheral nociceptive neurons. In normal physiology, opioid ligands bind the mu opioid peptide receptor to activate its Gi GPCR pathway. This causes decreased adenylyl cyclase and cAMP, indirectly activating GIRK channels stopping potassium flow out of the neuron while also blocking voltage gated calcium channels from opening, hyperpolarizing the neuron, preventing it from releasing nociceptive neurotransmitters. Oxymorphone is an agonist of this MOP receptor, causing inhibition of peripheral nociceptive neurons in the ascending pain pathway and also inhibiting CNS pain pathway neurons in the descending pain pathway, altering the perception of and response to pain to cause an analgesic effect.
720141645	Oxymorphone is a reversible agonist of the Mu Opioid Peptide Receptor Located in the CNS and Peripheral Nociceptive Neurons. Normally endogenous opioid peptides bind to the MOPR and cause Galphai to decrease CAMP and initiate GIRK wich hyperpolarizes the neuron. This hyperpolarization allows pain modulation and prevents nociceptive pain transmission. Oxymorphone works as an agonist, and follows the same above pathway as endogenous opioids therefore treating pain in the body.
730011977	Oxymorphone (Oxycontin) is a competitive, orthosteric antagonist of the MOP receptor expressed on neuronal cells. Normally, the drug&#39;s target plays a role in the nociceptive pain pathway by transmitting signals from the PNS to the CNS through action potentials. Oxymorphone blocks this recpetor to intitate several downstream effects--causing the potassium channels to efflux potassium out of the cell and also closes the clacium channels--which in turn hyperpolarizes the cell to make it less likely to fire an action potential. In doing so, less signals are transmitted to the CNS, and the patient&#39;s pain is reduced.
730362445	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) located in the peripheral nociceptive neurons (ascending &quot;excitatory&quot; pathway) and the CNS pain pathway neurons (descending &quot;pain-modulatory&quot; pathway). In normal physiological conditions, opioid peptides activate MOPR and MOPR signals via GalphaI, leading to a decrease in cAMP and activation of G-protein gated inward rectifying potassium (GIRK). This leads to hyperpolarization of the neurons, making it more difficult for the neurons to fire. This causes a decrease in peripheral nociceptive pain neurotransmission and enhances CNS pain-modulatory signaling. As a MOPR agonist, oxymorphone will bind to and activated MOPR, leading to attenuation of peripheral nociceptive pain neurotransmission and enhancement of pain-mondulatory signaling, leading to a decrease in the perception of pain.
730305984	Opana (oxymorphone) is an orthosteric reversible agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR), a GPCR the functions through Gai found on peripheral nociception neurons (ascending) and CNS pain pathway neurons (descending). In normal physiology, opioid peptides activate the Gai subunit to decrease levels of cAMP in the cell ultimately leading to the opening of GIRK channels that allows the efflux of K+ ions. The Gby subunit is also activated to close VG Ca2+ channels, thus preventing the influx of Ca2+ ions. Both of the actions described hyperpolarize the neuron and lessen neurotransmission from the given neuron. In the peripheral nociception neurons, this attenuates the ascending nociceptive signaling and in the CNS pain pathway, this lessens the firing of the GABA interneuron, ultimately leading to potentiation of the pain modulatory pathway. Opana works as an agonist of the MOPR and promotes the physiology detailed above. In doing so, nociception signaling is attenuated and pain modulation is potentiated and enhanced. In both cases, this shows therapeutic utility in managing pain.
730305023	Oxymorphone is a mu-opioid peptide receptor agonist that is located in the neurons of peripheral ascending pathway of pain signaling and the neurons of CNS descending modulatory pathway of pain signaling. Normally, opioid peptides activates a GPCR G-alpha-i that decreases cAMP and then activates GIRK channel to stimulate K+ outflow. Therefore, the neurons will be hyperpolarized and will not further transmit action potential or release neurotransmitters for post-synaptic neurons. Then, the pain signal is attenuated. Oxymorphone works as a MOPR agonist that mimics the action of opioid peptides to inhibit the pain signals in ascending pathway and de-inhibit the inhibitory signals in descending pathway, thereby attenuating pain signals to manage pain.
730335119	Oxymorphone is a reversible, orthosteric mu opioid peptide receptor(MOPR) agonist in the neurons of CNS and periphery. In normal physiology, endogenous opioid binds MOPR, which is a Gai-coupled GPCR. This inhibits the produciton of cAMP, activates GIRK that causes the efflux of K+, and closes Ca2+ voltage-gated channels. As a result, the release of neurotransimtters is inhibited due to hyperpolarization. Oxymorphone mimics the action of endogenous opioid by binding and activating Gai-coupled MOPR to induce hyperpolarization and inhibit the transmission of pain signals in neurons in order to help with pain management.
720520297	Oxymorphone is an orthosteric reversible agonist that targets mu opioid peptide receptors in the nociceptive peripheral neurons and the CNS pain pathway. Normally, the opioid peptide binds to the receptor and activates Galphai which decreases cAMP concentrations, opens GIRK (G-protein gated inward rectifying potatssium channel) and closes calcium channels, hyperpolarizing the neuron and decreasing neurotransmission and pain signaling. As a mu opioid peptide receptor agonist, oxymorphone acts like the opioid peptide and attenuates nociceptive signaling of the ascending pain pathway and de-inhibits the pain modulatory descending pathway resulting in less pain signaling and perception.
730119872	Oxymorphone is a reversible, orthosteric agonist at the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR). This receptor is found on neurons both in the periphery and CNS and is normally activated by endogenous opioid peptides such as morphine. The endogenous opioid peptide normally activates the receptor on the ascending nociceptive pain pathway, signaling through Galpha-i to decrease levels of cAMP, close voltage-gated calcium channels, and activate GIRK channels to allow potassium ions to flow out of the neuron. This hyperpolarizes the neuron and inhibits further neurotransmission of the pain signal. In the descending pain pathway, the endogenous opioid peptide activates MOPR to inhibit the GABA interneurons to prevent the release of GABA inhibitory neurotransmitters. This inhibits the pain inhibitory pathway to attenuate the pain signal and leads to analgesia. Oxymorphone mimics these effects of an endogenous opioid peptide to manage pain.
730305285	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu peptide opioid receptor in the pain pathways of the CNS. Normally, activation of the MOPR signals through G alpha i which then decreases cAMP and causes potassium to efflux out of the cell, inhibiting neurotransmitters from releasing into the pain perception pathways of the CNS. As an agonist of MOPR, neurotransmitters are inhibited from releasing into the pain pathways and help manage pain.
720507989	Oxymorphone is an agonist of the mu opioid peptide receptor. It&#39;s target, the MOPR, is located in the peripheral ascending (excitatory) nociceptive pathway as well as the descending (modulatory) nociceptive pathway in the brain. The MOPR is normally activated by opioid peptides and is coupled to Gai to decrease cAMP and increase GIRK. This leads to an efflux of K+ ions and blockage of Ca2+ ions from entering the cell, which causes hyperpolarization. This decreases the ability to release neurotransmitters, leading to attenuation of the perception of pain in the ascending pathway and increased pain modulation (pain inhibition) in the descending pathway which allows for the management of pain.
730308983	Oxymorphone (Opana) is an agonist to the mu opioid peptide receptor (MOPR) found in the periphery (ascending &quot;excitatory&quot; pathway) and CNS (descending &quot;pain modulating&quot; pathway). Normal ligand binding to the MOPR, a GPCR, coupled to GalphaI, decreases cAMP which activates GIRK causing hyperpolarization of the cell, making it difficult for the neuron to fire. The agonist, Oxymorphone, binds to MOPR, inhibiting ascending pain pathways, altering the perception and response to pain as well as enhances pain-modulation pathways in the CNS, used for treatment of pain management.
