730336623	Promethazine is an orthosteric reversible first generation H1 receptor antagonist. The drug&#39;s target is H1 receptors located in the chemoreceptive trigger zone. Normally, histamine binds to H1 to stimulate GPCRs and increase calcium which can lead to vasoconstriction. However, blocking this activity with the antagonist can lead to vasodilation to aid in allergic rhinitis.
730009227	Promethazine is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of 5HT3 receptors on cells in the CNS chemoreceptor trigger zone located in the brain. In normal physology serotonin binds to the 5HT3 receptor, which is a soidum/potassium ligand gated ion channel. The binding of serotonin causes an influx of sodium resulting in the depolarization of cells in the chemoreceptor trigger zone and for the cells to send signals promoting the sensation of nausea and potentially causing vomiting. When promethazine is present, the cells in the chemoreceptor trigger zone will not depolarize, thus promethazine prevents signaling of the sensation of nausea and reduces nausea and vomitng in paitents. Due to this physiologic outcome, promethazine is used to treat naueasa and vomiting in patients.
711510047	Promethazine is a first generation histamine type 1 (H1) receptor antagonist. H1 receptors are expressed in nasal epithelia and histamine is their endogenous ligand. In normal physiology, histamine binds and activates the H1 receptors which signal for an inflammatory response, including increased IgE and mucus production. As an H1 receptor antagonist, promethazine blocks histamine from binding and activating these receptors, thereby preventing the immunologic and inflammatory signaling processes that contribute to the symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730301143	Promethazine is a first generation, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the Histamine H1 receptor located on bronchial smooth muslce cells and vascular endothelial cells. Normally, histamine binds and activates Histamine 1 receptor, signaling through G-alpha-q, activating MLCK and causing contraction of smooth muscle cells and increased vascular permeability. As an antagonist, promethazine blocks histamine activation of H1 receptor, reducing bronchoconstriction and vascular permability that is characteristic of allergic rhinitis.
730008206	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a Generation-1 non-selective reversible H1 receptor Inhibitor used to treat allergic rhinitis. The H1 receptor is located on epithelial cells and is activated by histamine to start an allergic response. By loosely mimicing histamine structure and blocking histamine form binding, Promethazine attenuates the allergic response in the body.
720431068	Promethazine is a first generation histamine 1 receptor antagonist. It is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the histamine 1 receptors located in the bronchial cell in the lungs. Normally, histamine binds to the receptor, and causes bronchioconstriction and allergy symptoms that are consistent with allergic rhinits. When the drug is used, it will cause bronchiodilation or relaxation of the bronchial smooth muscle cells to relieve the symptoms normally associated with rhinitis.
730170143	Promethazine is a orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor found in blood vessels. Normally, histamine binds to the H1 receptor to increase vascular permeability and to contract endothelial cells, which give rise to allergy symptoms. Promethazine blocks H1 receptor activity to treat histamine mediated allergy symptoms.
730337615	Promethazine is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of histamine H1 receptors in the upper repiratory tract. Normally histamine binds to the H1 receptor and produces an inflammatory response that is the source of common seasonall allergic rhinitis symptoms like congestion and cough. By preventing histamine from binding its receptor, promethazine prevents the congestion and cough response and reduces the seasonal allergic rhinitis symptoms.
730046634	Promethazine is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of G1 H1R. The histamine receptor is found in bronchiolar SMC and endothelial cells. Activation by histamine causes down stream activation of G alpha q, upregulating IP3, DAG, and MLCK to cause bronchiolar SMC contraction, as well as epithelial cell dilation. Promethazine is an antagonist of this pathway, which prevents the activation of G alpha q by histamine, and prevents the broncoconstriction and eithelial dilation seen with allergic rhinitis,
720516197	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric inhibitor of H1 receptor located in smooth muscle cells in the airway and vasculature. Normally, histamine is an endogenous agonist that binds to H1 receptor and activate Gaq, increase smooth muscle cell contraction to increase vasodilatioand airway constriction. As a H1 receptor inhibitor, promethazine can prevent histamine from binding to H1 receptor, thereby preventing smooth muscle contraction in vasculature and airway to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730010565	Promethazine is a G1 Histamine H1 Receptor antagonist which acts on the histamine H1 receptors in vascular endothelial cells and CNS neurons. Normally, histamine binds to H1 receptors following exposure to inflammatory mediators and evokes a response that leads to increased permeability of the vessels and exacerbates a histamine-mediated inflammatory allergic response. Promethazine acts to inhibit the ability of histamine to activate the H1 receptor, which leads to a decreased allergic reaction and therefore can be helpful in treating seasonal allergic rhinitis. However, promethazine is a G1 antihistamine which means that it is more lipophilic and therefore can cross the BBB and lead to drowsiness.
720391577	Promethazine is a competitive reversible antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor. Normally this receptor is activated by histamine and results in symptoms of allergic rhinitis such as bronchoconstriction and others. When promethazine is used, the histamine H1 receptor in blocked and cannot become activated which results in a decrease in symptoms of allergic rhinitis. The results are increased bronchodolation which allows for treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730301183	Promethazine also known as phenergan is the most sedating first generation antihistamine. It is an H1R reversible and orthosteric antagonist that is able to cross the BBB and and have anticholenergeic effects in the CNS.
730306031	Promethazine, or Phenergan, is a first generation H1 receptor antagonist. H1 is a receptor located in the CNS that when activated by Histamine causes allergies and alertness. H1R is a GPCR and Promethazine acts as a competitive antagonist and binds to this receptor, which inhibits allergic response and effectively treats allergice rhinitis. Because Promethazine crosses the blood brain barrier, it has side effects such as sedation due to the H1 receptors in the CNS that control awakeness.
730336866	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a first-generation nonselective reversible Histamine 1 receptor (H1R) antagonist, or antihistamine. Promethazine acts as an antagonist of H1Rs located on VSMCs, bronchiolar SMCs, EC, and CNS nuerons. Normally, H1R is stimulated by histamine release [from the granaules of activate mast cells after the binding of IgE in a type 1 hypersensitivity immune response] to stimulate pro-inflammatory reactions that involves VSMC contraction; to increase vascualr permability and also an inctrease exudate production allowing for water, salts, ions, WBCs [macrophages, eospinophils, and other immune regulators] to leave the vessels and elicit an immune response. H1R stimulation on bronchiole SMCs results in an increase in mucous production and bronchioconstriction. Promethazine, as an antagonist of H1R, blocks the action of Histamine and thus reduces an inflammatory response through the reduction of vascular permability, exudate production, and an increase in bronchiodilation that are characteristic of allergic rhinitis. [However, may lead to an increase in sedation/drowsiness due to the ability of promethazine to cross the BBB and stimulate neurons in the CNS and therefore a G2 antihistamine agent may be preferred for the treatment of allergic rhinitis].
720511985	Promethazine is a first generation Histamine H1 antagonist. It reversibly inhibits the Histamine 1 receptors in the lungs. Normally these induce an inflammatory immune response. Here it reduces the inflammatory immune response brought on by allergic rhinitis.
720514156	Promethazine (Brand name Phenergan) is an H1 Receptor antagonist located on smooth muscle cells.
730339317	Promethazine is a 1st generation H1 receptor reversible competitive antagonist. Normally, H1 receptors are located throughout the body. Histamine can bind to synaptic neurons of the central nervous system and trigger a release of neurotransmitters that can result in various symptoms resulting in allergic rhinitis. As an antagonist, Promethazine will inhibit this pathway and will reduce the release of these neurotrasnmitters by preventing Histamine&#39;s binding to the H1 receptor this will lead to a reduction in allergic rhinitis symptoms.
730007672	Promethazine is a competitive, reversible antagonist of the Histamine H1 Receptor (H1R), located on neurons in the central nervous system. In normal physiology, Histamine binds to the H1R, which is coupled to Gaq, and leads to a downstream cascade of vasodilation, bronchoconstriction, epithelial shedding and mucus production associated with the allergy response. Promethazine blocks of the action of Histamine at the receptor, preventing this cascade and treating the symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
730010615	Promethazine (phenergan) is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor in the vascular endothelial cells and the bronchiolar smooth muscle cells. Promethazine is a generation 1 H1 antagonist. Normally, the histamine H1 receptors in the vascular endothelial cells in the airways and bronciolar SMCs, which are Gaq associated GPCRs, are bound by histamine (the endogenous ligand). When agonised in this way, the GPCR results in the cleavage of PIP2 to IP3 and DAG (which then goes on to activate PKC). PKC and IP3 work on the calcium channels of the endoplasmic reticulum, causing them to open and calcium to flow into the cytoplasm, where it binds to calmodulin to form the Ca-calmodulin complex. This calcium-calmodulin complex then activates MLCK, which in the bronchiolar smooth muscle cells, phosphorylates and activates myosin heads to interact with actin and thus result in contraction and bronchoconstriction. In the vascular endothelial cells, the MLCK causes the cells to contract and increases the permeability and &quot;leakiness&quot; of the blood vessels, leading to tissue edema and increased mucus secretion in the nose nad airways. Additionally, in the vascular endothelial cells, the activated H1 GPCR results in the activation of NO synthase, which produces NO that diffuses to the surrounding vascular smooth muscle cells, causing them to relax and leading to vasodilation, further increasing edema. This is all part of a healthy immune response, but in allergic rhinitis, mast cells result histamine in response to a harmless allergen, and thus the resulting inflammation described above (vasodilation, increased vascular permeability, broncoconstriction) produce an undesired hypersensitivity response in the nose and lungs that makes breathing difficult. Thus, promethazine is used to bind to the H1 receptos and antagonizing their activity, thus preventing the signs and symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis. However, being a first generation H1 antagonist, and relatively hydrophobic, promethazine can cross the BBB and result in side effects such as drowsiness.
730308943	Promethazine is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist. This drug targets the H1 receptor in smooth muscle cells, endothelial cells, and CNS neurons. Promethazine is a first generation H1 receptor antagonist. Normally, histamine binds to the H1 receptor and induces inflammation that is characteristic of allergic rhinitis. Promethazine prevents histamine from binding so the receptor will not lead to inflammatory effects, thereby treating allergic rhinitis.
730305075	Promethazine acts as a first generation histame H1 receptor antagonist. In normal physiology, histamine reversibly binds to H1 receptor located on smoth muscle cells in the lungs and post-synaptic CNS neurons. As an antagonist, promethazine blocks histamine from binding to H1 receptors resulting in bronchodilation which will attenuate symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis. However, adverse effects such as sedation can occur due to the effetcs on CNS neurons.
730344007	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of H1R located in vascular epithelial cells. H1R normally binds histamine to activate the Gs subunit to increase concentrations of cAMP via activation of AC. Increased cAMP eventually activates NOS to produce NO with diffuses out of the vascular epithelial cells into vascular smooth muscle to relax the smooth muscle and induce vasodilation. Binding of histamine to H1R in vascular epithelium also induces shape change of the cells via RhoA to allow for increased permeability of blood vessels. Promethazine antagonizes H1R to prevent vasodilation and leakage which relieves symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
730300292	Promethazine is a first-generation reversible, orthosteric antagonist of histamine H1 receptor, which are located in SMC and endothelial cells in bronchioles, as well as in CNS. Normally, histamine H1 receptors are binded and activated by histamine, signaling through Galphaq to activate MLCK, contraction of smooth muscle cells and a series of allergic reactions. Promethazine, as a H1R antagonist, block H1R activation and thereby reducing symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730302081	Promethazine is an orthosteric, competitive, and reversible first generation H1R antagonist. It&#39;s target is the histamine-1 receptor found in the central nervous system, the vasculature, and the bronchioles. Normally, the H1R is activated by the binding of the monoamine histamine. Once activated, the H1R GPCR, coupled to G-alpha-q, increases intracellular calcium levels to elicit an allergic response consisting of vasodilation (congestion), increased mucous production, and inflammation. Promethazine non-selectively and centrally inhibits H1R, thereby prohibiting the onset of allergy symptoms (congestion, inflammation, and excess mucus production) to treat allergic rhinitis and the associated symptoms. It should be noted that promethazine will cause the side effect of drowsiness, because of its lipophilicity and its ability to cross the blood brain barrier to block CNS H1-receptors.
730336309	Promethazine, brand name Phenergan, is a competitive, reversible antagonist of the Histamine ( H1 ) receptor. This anti-emetic drug targets vestibular neurons in the CNS that control signalling for nausea and motion. Normally, histamine binds to these H1 receptors and transmits a nausea or motion signal throughout the CNS to elicit feelings of an upset stomach or motion sickness. By blocking the histamine receptor, the signal for nausea is prohibited and this drug is effective for treatement of nausea seen in motion sickness, pregnancy, and other medical situations.
730203946	Promethazine is an orthorsteric, reversible antagonist of the histamine H1 receptors located in the brain stem. Normally, histamine activates the H1 receptor, resulting in symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis. Promethazine is a generation 1 H1 antagonist, so it can cross the blood brain barrier and block the H1 receptors located in the brain. By blocking the activity of histamine, promethazine prevents these symptoms from occuring, thereby treating seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730092448	Promethazine is a irreversible orthosteric antagonist of histamine H1 receptor in bronchiolar smooth muscle cells as well as having polypharmacologic effects on alpha 1 receptors and muscarininc receptors. Histamine usually binds to the H1 receptor which is coupled with Gq subunit causing an influx of chemokines and cytokines and a release of mast cells that help facilitate an inflammatory response. Promethazine binds to the H1 receptor preventing histamine from binding and preventing activation of Gq to allow downstream inflammatory signalling, leading to a lack of mast cell release and inflammatory response which could trigger symptoms of allergic rhinitis. Through this activity, promethazine effectively treats allergic rhinitis.
730337192	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric, first generation H1 receptor antagonist. The drug target is H1 receptor located in the parasympathetic neurons in the CNS. Normally, H1 receptor will get activated and through Gq pathway, releasing neurotransmitters, causing allergic rhinitis. However, as a H1 receptor antagonist, promethazine binds to the H1 receptor, preventing it from activation, decreasing the release of neurotransmitters and thereby, treating seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730300464	Promethazine (brand name Phenergan) is a first generation anti-histamine, a reversible inverse agonist of the H1 receptor (a G-Alpha-Q type GPCR). In normal physiology, histamine receptors are found throughout the body, but one area they are localized on is vascular smooth muscle endothelial cells. When histamine binds H1 receptors it induces contraction of cells and vasoldialtion/leaking of endothelium cells via activation of G-Alpha-Q. This is manifested as symptoms of allergic rhinitis, such as a runny nose. By acting as an inverse agonist, promethazine decreases the activity of H1 receptors to prevent the symptoms typically seen in allergic rhinitis.
730300715	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a generation 1 reversible, orthosteric H1R antagonist and mAChR antagonist. Histamine 1 receptors are located in the CNS as well as on vascular endothelial cells. For allergic rhinitis, histamine is released from mast cells and basophils during an allergic response to bind H1Rs and activating them to signal through Gaq. This leads to an increase in IP3 and DAG, increased Ca+2 levels, and activated MLCK. MLCK causes vasoconstriction and leaky blood vessels associated with increased mucus production and other allergic rhinitis symptoms. Promethazine binds H1Rs to decrease vasoconstriction and leaky blood vessels, improving symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
730008212	Promethazine is a first generation, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of Histamine H1 Receptors located on vascular smooth muscle cells and bronchiolar smooth muscle cells. Normally, histamine binds the H1 receptor to activate G alpha q which increases IP3 and DAG, increases Ca, promotes Ca and calmodulin complex formation, and activates myosin causing bronchiolar smooth muscle contraction. This contraction loosens the connections between cells and allows inflammation mediators to enter the cells and cause inflammatory symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis. By preventing the histamine activation of the H1 receptors, promethazine prevents smooth muscle contraction, the loosening of cellular connects, and the influx of inflammation mediators, to effectively treat the symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730305176	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a first generation histamine H1 receptor antagonist. Promethazine is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the histamine H1 receptor found on post synaptic neurons in the CNS. Normally, this receptor binds histamine and signals through Gs to lead to a variety of effects including inflammation, vasoconstriction, and others that contribute to the symptoms of allergic rhinitis (e.g., difficulty breathing, inflammation of the sinuses and lungs). By blocking this receptor, promethazine decreases the activation of this inflammatory allergic response and helps to treat the symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis.
730308947	Promethazine is a first generation antihistamine. This drug works by targeting H1 (histamine 1) receptors and acting as an antagonist on these receptors. Normally, histamine is released by mast cells as an inflammatory response. Histamine binds to cells expressing H1 receptors in certain tissues to cause unpleasant symptoms such as excessive mucus production and bronchoconstriction. Promethazine, however blocks reversibly to histamine receptors thereby reducing the inflammatory symptoms caused by the normal action of histamine at the H1 receptor.
730305017	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric generation 1 histamine H1 receptor antagonist. Its target is the histamine H1 receptor which is expressed throughout the body. Normally, histamine is released in response to allergens to, and it binds to H1 receptors to produce inflammation as an immune response. Promethazine prevents H1 receptor activation to reduce inflammation associated with symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
730332858	Promethazine is a first-generation reversible H1 antagonist. It binds to H1 receptors that are located in the CNS and ubiquitously. Normally the H1 receptor binds histamine and the inflammatory response is triggered through a series of cytokine and inflammatory mediators as a result of immune cell degranulation. Gq signaling causes smooth muscle contraction through myosin light chain kinase activation. By promethazine antagonizing the receptor, the allergic response is lessened. Promethazine can also bind to H1 receptors in the CNS and has affinity for a number of other receptor types. This causes polypharmacologic effects such as drowsiness.
730335667	Promethazine is a first generation H1 antagonist that is reversible and can treat allergic rhinitis and has sedating effects since it can cross the blood brain barrier. It binds to the histamine 1 receptor in smooth muscle and vascular smooth muscle cells. Typically histamine binds to the histamine receptor in order to product pro-inflammatory responses. As it blocks the histamine receptor, it reduces pro-inflammation thus resulting in anti-inflammatory effects which can help reduce the symptoms and inflammation associated with allergic rhinitis. Promethazine is polypharmacologic since it has effects on multiple receptors and it can also treat nausea and vomitting.
730000106	Promethazine is a first generation antihistamine. This drug acts as a reversible, orthosteric histamine h1 receptor (H1R) antagonist. H1R receptors are located throughout the body including in the CNS, smooth muscle cells of the the bronchioles, and endothelial cells. H1R endogenous ligand is histamine which is released from mast cells following IgE crosslinking in an allergic reposne. Histamine then binds the H1R in endothelial cells. H1R is a GPCR Galphaq coupled receptor. In the endothelial cells, binding of histamine to H1 leads to the activation of phospholipase C, production of IP3 and DAG, and an ultimate increase in intracellular Ca ion concentrations. The Ca ions then couple with calmodulin which leads to the activation of myosin light chain kinase (MLCK). Myosin light chain kinase activates myosin and leads to enodthelial cell contraction. This contraction results in the fluid exudation linked to allergic rhinits. In additon, activation of H1R on endothelial cells activates RhOK to decrease activity of myosin light chain phosphatase (MLCP). Binding at H1R by histamine also increase PI3K/IIB levels which increase the activity of NO synthase. This increased production of NO then allows for the diffusing of NO to vasuclar smooth muscle cells and resulting vasodilation associated with allergic rhinitis. In contrast, in the bronchiole smooth muscle cells, histamine binds to H1R and again activates the GPCR Galphaq receptor. However, in this case, the increased Ca ion concentrations, complexation of Ca ions and Calmodulin, and the resulting activation of MLCK results in mysoin activation and contraction of the smooth muscle cells. This contractation results in bronchoconstriction associated with allergic rhinitis. Therefore, since promethazine an orthosteric antagonist of H1R, histamine is not able to bind the receptor and trigger the cellular responses associated with allergic rhinitis. As a result, the use of promethazine reduces bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, and fluid leakage associated with the allergic symptoms.
720543380	Promethazine is a orthosteric reversible antagonist of the Histamine-1 receptor that is located on vascular endotheilial cells, bronchiol smooth muscle, and the vestibular nuclei and can be used for the treatment of motion sickness and allergic rhinitis. Normally, H1 receptors are GCPRs that are bound to G alpha q and when they are stimulated they cause membrane permability which allows histamine related mediators to leak into tissue, bronchoconstriction, edema, and mucus hyper secretion which is all caused by an allergic response. H1 antagonist such as Promethazine (Phenergan) will block this response and prevent histamine mediated release factors from leaking into tissues that cause symptoms of allergic rhinitis such as edema, mucus hypersecretion in the ariways, and bronchoconstriction. Since promethazine is a first generation H1 antagonist, it also has off target effects in the CNS that cause drowsiness.
720498432	promethazine is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of Histamine H1 receptor located on the CNS neurons. Normally, activation of histamine H1 receptor leads to mediated allergic rhinitis via the signal of Gaq pathway which activates IP3 and DAG to contribute to the release of pro inflammatory genes that lead to allergic rhinitis. As an inhibitor, promethazine blocks the activation of the Histamine H1 receptor thus preventing the seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730305293	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a reversible orthosteric antagonist. Its target is the Histamine 1 receptor (H1R), which in this case is found in the vestibular system of the CNS. H1R is a GPCR receptor coupled to G-alpha-q. Normal activation of this receptor by histamine leads to increased transmission in the vestibular system of the CNS which then leads to symptoms of motion sickness, such as nausea and vomiting. By blocking this receptor, neurotransmission in the vestibular system is decreased and symptoms such as nausea and vomiting are decreased.
730011523	Promethazine is a first generation H1 receptor orthosteric antagonist that blocks histadine from binding H1R. H1R are found in smooth muscle cells like the lungs and walls of blood vessels as well as on neurons of the central nervous system. First generation H1R antagonists are lipophilic and able to enter the CNS and cause sedation as a main side-effect. Normally His will bind H1R and initiate contraction of smooth muscle cells by binding a GPCR that is bound to Gq. Acivation of Gq leads to calcium influx that in turn activates MLCK which activates myosin-actin binding for muscle contraction. By preventing His from binding H1R the activation cascade caused by activating the GPCR is avoided; this leads to an antiinflammatory response in bronchioles and smooth muscle.
730335668	Promethazine is a selective antagonist of the H1 histamine receptor found in the vagal nerves and chemo trigger zone of the central nervous system. Activation of this receptor is normally responsible for the reflex that elicits nausea and vomiting. Promethazine prevents the neurotransmission necessary for these symptoms to arise. Thus, it is used to treat nausea and vomiting, especially PONV and motion sickness.
730003873	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor. In normal physiology, activation of this receptor by histamine leads to an increase in the symptoms of allergic rhinitis such as mucus production and increased sinus pressure. Promethazine acts as an antagonist to prevent activation of this receptor, alleviating signs and symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
730338780	Promethazine (phenergan) is a first generation H1R receptor antagonist, it reversibly targets the Gq H1 receptor located in post-synaptic neurons. Normally, Activation of this Gq GPCR causes an increase in IP3 and DAG, and subsequent phosphorylation of cellular targets that would lead to nausea and vomiting. By blocking this H1 Receptor in neurons, we can reduce the nausea and vomiting experienced by a patient.
730309028	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a first generation histamine 1 receptor (H1R) reversible, orthosteric antagonist located on the bronchiolar smooth muscle cells. Normally, H1R is activated by histamine which couples with G-alpha q to induce bronchiolar contraction in response to antigens. By acting as an antagonist of H1R, promethazine induces bronchiolar dilation which is useful in treating seasonal allergic rhinitis by inhibiting the overactive effect of the receptor to the allergen.
730337566	Promethazine, marketed as Phenergan, is a first generation reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor located on bronchiolar smooth muscle cells. In normal physiology, the endogenous ligand histamine binds to the H1 receptor and activates the GPCR which acts through G&amp;alpha;q to increase calcium ion permeability, activating MLCK, and causing smooth muscle contraction. Promethazine acts to antagonize the receptor, leading to the prevention of the activation of MLCK and relaxing the vessels, causing bronchodilation to relieve the symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730305078	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a first-generation, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of histamine H1R in vascular smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells (and vestibular neurons). Normally, HAH1R is activated by histamine to then activate Galphaq, cleave PIP2 to IP3 and DAG, activate calcium release from the endoplasmic reticulum, and form a MLCK-binding complex with calmodulin. This leads to cell contraction that results in leaky vessels and symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis. As an antagonist of HAH1R, promethazine blocks histamine from binding to reduce cell contraction and symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730341594	Promethazine (brand name: Phenergan) is a first-generation histamine-1 receptor antagonist indicated for nausea and vomiting and allergies. Additionally, promethazine may be used for its sedative effects. Based on this, histamine-1 receptors are located in both vascular smooth muscle cells as well as the central nervous system. When activated, histamine-1 receptor produces allergy-like symptoms such as increased vessel permeability. Another role in normal physiology for promethazine is to regulate the sleep/wake cycle, also. Promethazine is polypharmacologic and targets alpha adrenergic, muscarinic (mAChR), and dopamine receptors in addition to the histamine-1 receptor. Inhibition of these receptors by phenergan produces an anti-emetic effect for patients.
720433193	The generic, promethazine, is a H1R first generation antagonist, where it binds competitively, reversibly, and antagonistically. The brand name is Phenergan. The location of where this drug acts is in the smooth muscles where it suppresses the GI smooth muscle contraction and the CNS where it inhibits the vestibular system signaling that is associated with motion sickness and nausea. Typically histamine binds to this receptor and induces the vestibular system to cause motion sickness, nausea, and vomiting. In addition, the H1R uses the G-alpha-q pathway to increase the Ca2+ concentration and increase MLCK activation for smooth muscle contractions. Therefore, promethazine is able to bind to this receptor antagonistically to inhibit these responses. There are other indications too, such as for allergies. This drug is sedating since it passes through the blood brain barrier and is oftentimes associated with other side effects, such as those caused by the muscarinic receptors (ex tachycardia or dry cough) and other receptors as well.
730005239	Promethazine is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the Histamine H1 receptor. The histamine H1 receptor is located in the vascular smooth muscle cells and epithelial cells. Normally, histamine would activate the receptor, which would cause vasoconstriction of the cells leading to the symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis. Promethazine works by blocking the activation of the receptor by histamine, leading to relief of the allergic rhinitis symptoms.
730014075	Promethazine acts as a reversible orthosteric antagonist of histamine 1 receptors located throughout the body and CNS. H1 receptors normally bind histamine, which is released in response to an allergen, and initiate a mediated inflammatory response. Promethazine treats seasonal allergic rhinitis by acting as an antagonist of H1 receptors, preventing allergens from initiating an immune response that would result in symptoms seen in allergic rhinitis.
730009068	Promethazine (brand name Phenergan) is a reversible, orthosteric inhibitor of the histamine-1 receptor (H1R). H1R is a GPCR located on vascular SMCs and endothelial cells. H1R normally binds histamine and signals via G-alpha-s, increasing adenylyl cyclase, cAMP, and protein kinase A to increase vascular permeability and pleiotropic effects of the inflammatory process. Upon binding H1R, promethazine blocks the binding of histamine to the H1R, thus decreasing vascular permeability and the pleiotropic effects of inflammatory mediator recruitment (such as eosinophils) to attenuate the allergic response associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730081905	Promethazine is a competitive and reversible G1 H1R antagonist. The H1R is a GPCR located on CNS neurons. Normally, H1R is activated by histamine to cause a cascade of events leading to an inflammatory response. Promethazine binds to the H1R and blocks its activation by histamine, resulting in decreased inflammation for the treatment of allergic rhinitis symptoms.
730012332	Promethazine is a first generation H1R orthosteric reversible antagonist the drugs target is the H1 receptors found on vascular smooth muscle cells, endothelial cells and peripheral and central neurons. In normal physiololgy histamine will bind to H1 receptor on all these locations, these signal through the Galphaq which is coupled to phospholipase C which hydrolyzes PIP2 to form IP3 and DAG. IP3 binds to the sarcoplasmic reticulum to make the it more permeable to calcium and DAG will activate PKC which induces intracellular calcium. Calcium will bind to calmodulin to form a Calcium calmodulin complex, this complex activates MLCK which phosphorylates and causes the actin and myosin heads to interact to induce contraction. This will result in symptoms that are consistent with allergic rhinitis such as bronchocontriction, vasodilation to make the cells more permeable, and mucus secretion. Promethazine will prevent histamine from binding to the H1 receptor which will reduce the allergic rhinitis and result in bronchodilation and less mucus secretion. In order for this to physiology outcome to occur the patient must take the antihistamine 1 to 2 hours before encountering the allergic exposure. In order for this to physiology be necessary the patient must demonstrate inappropriate IgE activation in which their body will respond to a threat that is either not a threat or will overreact to the threat present which leads to these allergy symptoms. The extreme response by our immune system is the reason that promethazine will be used in order to dampen this response.
730351906	Promethazine is a first generation histamine H1 receptor antagonist of H1 receptors located on SMCs (GI, lung, secretory), endothelial cells, and CNS. Normally, histamine binds H1 receptors which signals through Gaq causing bronchconstriction and increasing the symptoms experienced with allergic rhinitis. Promethazine binds to H1 receptors blocking histamine from binding which causes bronchdilation and relieves the symptoms of allergic rhinitis
730012793	Promethazine acts as a first generation histamine H1 receptor antagonist and binds competitively and reversibly to the histamine H1 receptor located in the smooth muscle cells of the respiratory tract as well as the vascular EC. Normally, histamine binds to the histamine H1 receptor and activates G-alpha-q. Once activated, there is an increase in IP3 and DAG, which in turn increases intracellular calcium levels. High intracellular calcium levels along with CAM activate MLCK. MLCK then activates myosin, causing contration of the smooth muscle cells. In the vascular EC, there is an increase in nitric oxide that causes vasodilation. Taking promethazine prevents the activation of the histamine H1 receptor and thus prevents the activation of G-alpha-q. This in turn will causes a reduction in SMC contraction and vasodilation that exacerbate the symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
720501213	Promethazine is A reversible Orthosetric Inhibitor that binds to CysLT1 Enzymes, which is located In Inflammatory cells, such as mast cell, basophiles, and etc.. In normal physiology CysLT1 produces Cysteinyl Leukotrienes, which Are mediators of the inflammatory response. Thus, promotting mucos secreation. The overall activity of promethazine is to inhibit CysLT1 and reduced the inflammatory response, and lower mucous secretion, therefore, lowering symptoms of congestion.
730339832	Promethazine is a member of the first-generation H1 receptor antagonist drug class, and as such it acts as a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the histamine-1 receptor located in vascular smooth muscle cells, endothelial cells, and within the CNS. Under normal physiological conditions, histamine is released from immune system modulators such as mast cells to activate its receptors on endothelial cells, thus turning on intracellular Gq signaling that increases Ca2+ influx and subsequent MLCK activity as well as NOS. This combination of effectors results in localized increases in blood flow and vascular permeability that amplifies the immune response. The therapeutic effects of promethazine come from its ability to bind and antagonize the histamine-1 receptor, preventing these downstream events from occurring. However, promethazine is both lipophilic and has anticholinergic activity, so treatment with this drug results in on-target sedative side effects in the CNS as well as off-target side effects in the periphery such as dryness of the mouth and bladder retention.
730300837	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a first-generation, competitive, reversible antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor found in bronchial smooth muscle cells, vascular endothelial cells, and mechano-insensitive neurons. In normal physiology, histamine will bind the H1 receptor, which is a GPCR coupled to Gq, and activate it. Activation of Gq results in activation of phospholipase C (PLC), which converts PIP2 to IP3 and DAG. Increase in these second messengers cause increased permeability to calcium ions, which bind calmodulin to create a complex that activtates myosin light chain kinase (MLCK). MLCK then phosphorylates myosin light chain, allowing it to interact with actin and cause smooth muscle contraction. In bronchial smooth muscle, this contraction produces some of the symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis. In vascular endothelial cells, contraction increases vascular permeability, causing edema and increased penetration of cytokines and inflammatory mediators into the tissue. Furthermore, activation of the H1 receptor in vascular endothelial cells activates other secondary messengers that ultimately result in release of NO that causes vasodilation and increased blood flow, resulting in further swelling. In mechano-insensitive neurons, activation of H1 receptor results in activation of the neuron and an itching sensation. In mucus membranes, activation of H1 receptor results in increased mucus production, another hallmark of seasonal allergic rhinitis. By promethazine acting as an antagonist at H1 receptors, histamine can no longer bind and activate its receptor, thereby preventing the manifestation of symptoms of allergic rhinits.
730169512	promethazine is a competitive, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the Histamine 1 receptor. promethazine is a first generation antihistiamine. The drug target is the histmaine 1 receptor, which is found in the smooth muscle cells of the bronchials and also found in the endothelial cells, In normal physiology, when histamine activates the histamine 1 receptor in the bronchial smooth muscles that leads to the activation of the receptor (which is a GCPR) by activating Galpahq, which leads to the activation of MLCK, which eventually leads to the smooth muscle contraction and bronchiconstriction in the the bronchials, which leads to symptoms associated with an IgE mediated allergic response (allergic rhinitis). promethazine is an antagonist of the histamine receptor (does not stimuate the activation of second messagners like histamine does), so it leads to blocking the stimuation of the histmaine 1 receptor in the endothelial and bronchial smooth muscle cells, and leads to bronchiodilation, which then reliefs symtpoms associated with allergic rhinitis. promethazine is a first generation antihistamine, so it also leads to sedation, because it is liophilic and able to cross the blood brain barrier.
730004785	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a reversible, competitive, orthosteric histamine H1 receptor antagonist. The drugs target is the histamine H1 receptor located on SMCs. Normally histamine activates the receptor and is coupled to GalphaS. The therapeutic activity of promethazine is to act as an antiemetic/ reduce nausea by blocking the activation of the histamine H1 receptor
730338642	Promethazine is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of first generation histamine H1 receptors located in the CNS post-synaptic neurons of the area postrema. In normal physiology, histamine binds to the H1 receptors to induce symptoms of motion sickness, and nausea and vomiting, as well as symptoms of seasonal allergies. By blocking the binding of histamine, the antagonist is able to block the action that normally acts by GPCR signaling of the G alpha q subunit to increase intracellular calcium through activation of the MLCK and therby resulting in increased SMC and motility that induces vomiting. Since this drug is first generation, it is lipophillic in nature, which means that it is able to cross the BBB, thereby causeing sedative side effects. This histamine H1 antagonist is used to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis by reducing endothelial inflammation as well.
730305018	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a reversible orthosteric antagonist for H1 receptors which are GPCR&#39;s bound to Gq. H1 receptors are found both in the peripheral at sites of inflammation and centrally in the brain. Histamine is the endogenous ligand and its binding activates H1 receptors which are mediators in the allergic immune response. Promethazine is a first generation anti-histamine and will block the activity of histamine at H1 receptors to prevent the symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis. It will also cause drowsiness as it is very lipophilic and able to cross the blood brain barrier and bind to H1 receptors there which play a role in sleep regulation.
730308957	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a competitive antagonist of serotonin 5-HT3R in the CNS and GI tract. Normally, serotonin binds to 5-HT3R and signals the vagal nerve to activate the chemoreceptor trigger zone in the area postrema to cause chemoinduced N/V. Promethazine binds to 5-HT3R to inhibit vagal nerve signalling to block the activation of the chemoreceptor trigger zone, which reduces N/V assoicated with chemotherapy.
730300665	Promethazine (Brand name: Phenergan) is a competitive antagonist of the H1 receptor. The H1 receptor is a GPCR coupled with G alpha q and is located on endothelial smooth muscle cells. When activated, the H1 receptor causes contraction of the SMCs. The endogenous ligand for the H1 receptor is Histamine. Histamine binds to the H1R, causing SMCs to contract and illicits an inflammatory response, which manifests as seasonal allergic rhinitis. Promethazine binds to the H1R and this inhibits histamine from binding. In turn, this ceases the symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis such as, sneezing and coughing. Promethazine is a first-generation H1 antagonist which means that it can cause sedation since it is better able to cross the blood-brain barrier (BBB).
730090428	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a competitive, reversible H2 receptor antagonist, which is found in the vascular smooth muscle cells and bronchioles. In normal physiology, norepinephrine binds to the H2 receptor to cause bronchoconstriction and vasodilation. Promethazine binds to the H2 receptor so norepinephrine cannot bind, which prevents the allergic response of bronchoconstriction and vasodilation associated with allergic rhinitis.
730356527	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the histamine H1 receptor, which is found in the vestibular and secretory neurons in the CNS. Normally histamine binds to the H1 receptor, and IgE-mediated allergy symptoms are stimulated, sucha as mucous secretions. By blocking histamine from binding to the H-1 receptor, these symptoms are relieved. Since promethazine is a first-generation H-1R blocker, Iit is able to cross the blood-brain barrier into the CNS to relieve these symptoms, and also causes other effects such as decreased symptoms of nausea/vomiting related to motion sickness as well as drowsiness.
730013843	Promethazine is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the H1 receptor, a GPCR, located on vascular endothelial cells. Normally, histamine is released from degranulation of mast cells and basophils in allergic and immune responses, leading to H1 receptor stimulation, signaling through Gapha q and subsequent increased vascular permeability due to NO (nitrous oxide) activation, allowing increased action of chemical modulators of allergic rhinitis. By blocking H1 receptor stimulation, promethazine leads to decreased vascular permeability of vascular endothelial cells by preventing the formation of NO (nitrous oxide), reducing access to chemical modulators of allergic responses and therefore reduces symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
730094799	Promethazine is a first generation orthosteric antagonist of H1R which is located ubiquitously, but most relevantly on smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells along the airways. Normally, histamine binds H1R causing activation of g-alpha-q and upregulation of IP3 and DAG which ultimately leads to the cellular constriction and difficulty breathing symptomatic of allergic rhinitis. Promethazine, as an antagonist, prevents activation of the H1R and leads to airway dilation.
730340514	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor (H1R) on vascular endothelial cells and bronchiolar smooth muscle cells (SMC). Normally, histmine binds to and activates the H1R, which signals through Gaq to increase intracellular Ca2+ levels and lead to the activation of MLCK and the actin myosin complex, resulting in the contraction of bronchiolar SMCs. Activation of the H1R on vascular endothelial cells results in increased vascular permiability and vasodilation as part of the inflammatory response that results in increased mucus production and local swelling (congestion). As an antagonist, promethazine prevents histamine from binding to and ativating the H1R, thus preventing the vasodilation and increased vascular permiability that cause increased mucus production and sinus congestion characteristic of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730004256	Promethazine is an orthosteric antagonist of the histamine 1 receptor located on smooth muscles of the GI tract, respiratory tract, and vascular endothelial cells. Normally, histamine binds to the histamine 1 receptor activating Galphaq to activate IP3 and DAG to increase Ca2+ levels. Ca2+ will then bind with Calmodulin activating MLCK that will result in smooth muscle cell contraction. Particularly, it will cause bronchoconstriction and an increase in vascular permeability resulting in vasodilation. Promethazine is an H1 Receptor Antagonist that will prevent histamine from binding to the receptor and activating Galphaq; therefore, resulting in bronchodilation and a decrease in vascular permeability, leading to a decrease in vasodilation. Promethazine is a first generation histamine 1 receptor antagonist.
720158983	Promethazine is a first generation, reversible, orthosteric histamine H1 receptor antagonist. Histamine H1 receptors are found throughout the body, but in relation to allergic rhinitis the histamine receptors on vascular smooth muscle cells are particularly important. Normally, when histamine binds to H1 receptors, the coupled G-alpha-q subunit is activated, which causes an increase in IP3 and DAG, and consequently an influx of calcium. This activates MLCK, which activates myosin and causes muscle contraction. When SMCs of the vasculature contract, there is space for inflammatory mediators and increased vessel permeability, resulting in an allergic response. By blocking histamine from binding to H1 receptors, the inflammatory response is blocked and the symptoms of allergic rhinitis are reduced.
730364730	Promethazine is an H1R antagonist that binds reversibly and orthrosterically to the histamine receptor. Normally, histamine will bind to H1R and this activates the G alpha s pathways that triggers the CNS to increase neurotransmission firing to induce allergic reaction effects. By inhibiting H1R, histamine is not able to bind and can treat patients with rhinitis.
730304969	Promethazine is an Histamie H1 antagonist. During an allergic reaction, histamine is produced by inflammatory cells and then binds to H1 receptors on vascular smooth muscles to activate Gas. This will then produce effects that are associated with allergies such us mucus production, sneezing, fluid buildup and other inflammatory processes. Promethazine is an anatagonist of the H1 receptor and therefore it prevents histamine from binding. If histamine does not bind, the symptoms of allergic rhinitis will be reduced.
730338011	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a first generation, reversible, orthosteric histamine H1 receptor antagonist. Histamine H1 receptors are GPCRs with G-alpha q subunits and are located on bronchiolar and GI smooth muscle cells, CNS neurons, and vascular endothelial cells. In normal physiology, histamine binds to the H1 receptors and causes smooth muscle cell contraction and increased vascular permeability. In patients who have hypersensitivity reactions, exposure to an irritant causes release of histamine from mast cells and increases activation of H1 receptors, causing symptoms of allergic rhinitis such as mucus buildup, pruritus, and urticaria. Promethazine prevents histamine from binding to the H1 receptor, and thereby prevents further development of symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis.
730364567	Promethazine is a generation 1 H1 Receptor Antagonist. Promethazine acts to inhibit the H1 Receptor (GCPR) in the enteric neurons to treat nausea and vomiting and motion sickness, along with acting on the H1 receptors in the SMC of the lungs to inhibit bronchoconstriction resulting from the contractions of myosin light chain as a result of the downstream effects led by G-alpha-q. Because promethazine is able to cross the blood brain barrier, it also causes a sedation as a side effect. Normally, histamine will bind to the GPCR and cause the G-alpha-q subunit to convert PIP into DAG and IP3, which leads to an influx of Calcium into the cytoplasm. The calcium binds with calmodulin to form a complex, which leads to activation of the MLCK, which activates myosin light chains and causes contraction to occur.
730301186	Promethazine is a 1st generation histamine H1R antagonist. Histamine H1R is on bronchiolar smooth muscle cells and vascular endothelial cells. Normally, histamine binds to H1R, which is a GPCR coupled to Galphaq which increases cellular calcium levels to activate MLCK. This causes contraction of bronchiolar smooth muscle cells to cause bronchoconstriction and increased permeability of vascular endothelial cells. As a 1st generation histamine H1R antagonist, promethazine reversibly binds to H1R to prevent bronchiolar contraction and cause bronchodilation and decrease vascular permeability to relieves symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
730345314	Promethazine also known as Pharnergan is a competitive reversible Histamine H1R antagonist. The drugs target is the EC, VSMC and CNS in the respiratory tract. Under normal physiology the receptor is activated with the endogenous ligang histamine which leads to the contraction of endothelial cells which cal lead to the exudate. It also promotes vasodilation of the vascular smooth muscle cells which contributes to the exudate and also allows inflammatory response factors to reach the area and exert their effect. It is non sedating. When blocking the actions of the Histamine H1 Receptor it antagonizaes these efefcts in the VCSM and EC which results in decreased inflammatory response and thus treating allergic rhinitis.
730306008	Promethazine is a reversible antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor (H1R). H1R is located on bronchiolar smooth muscle cells and vascular endothelial cells. Normally, histamine activates the receptor Gaq subunit. This leads to activation of PIP2 and PKC. This then lead to increased intracellular calcium ion concentration which activates MLCK in bronchiolar smooth muscle cells and activation of NOS in vascular endothelial cells. These activations cause smooth muscle contraction and increased vascular permeability. As an antagonist, promethazine inhibits the binding of histamine to H1R and attenuate symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis.
730170040	Promethazine is a second-generation reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the H1 receptors located throughout the CNS and ENS and SMCs. Histamine normally binds to the H1 receptors to induce allergic rhinitis symptoms in response to an allergic reaction or irritatant/trigger of some sort. Promethazine works to block the action of this receptor by binding orthosterically to it to prevent symptoms of allergic rhinitis such as hay fever, sneezing, etc.
730335117	Promethazine is a competitive, orthosteric antagonist of H1R in vestibular system. Usually histamine binds to H1R, and signal via Galphaq to regulate vestibular system. As a blocker, promethazine inhibits signals from vestibular system and thus reduces symptoms of motion sickness. It also off-target blocks mAchR in GI system, which reduces GI motility to prevent N/V.
730075914	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric, first generation H1 antagonist that targets the H1 receptors found on bronchiolar smooth muscle cells. The H1 receptors are GPCRs that are normally stimulated by the binding of histamine which signals through Galpha-q which leads to vasodilation (to increase blood flow) and bronchoconstriction. These effects lead to the normal symptoms of allergic rhinitis so by inhibiting H1 receptors, promethazine helps to decrease the symptoms from seasonal allergic rhinits.
730300294	Promethazine, or Phenergan, is a histamine type 1 receptor antagonist, or first generation anti-histamine. Normally, histamine binds these receptors in the periphery as well as in the CNS, and causes activation of an inflammatory and allergic response through activating G alpha s. G alpha s activates PLC, and through IP3, DAG, and PKA causes the activatino of inflammatory and allergic responses. Promethazine blocks histamine from binding, which stops histamine from activating the receptor, and attenuates the recruitment of inflammatory mediators and stops the vessels from becoming leaky and allowing these mediators into the tissues.
730296888	Promethazine is a reverisble, orthosteric antagonist of H1 receptors located on vascular endothelial cells (ECs). Normally, histamine binds H1Rs causing vascular EC vasoconstriction. As an H1 receptor antagonist, promethazine blocks H1R activation, resulting in vasodilation of vasular ECs, thereby alleviating symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730222792	Promethazine is a G1 antihistamine that acts as an H1 antagonist which can be used to treat seasonal allergies. Normally H1 recpetors found in lung tissue is activated by histamine as a immune response to seasonal alergens. As competivie H1 antagonist, promethazine blocks the receptors from being activated by histamine and allivated allergic rhinitis symptoms.
730014819	Promethazine is a first generation reversible, orthosteric H1R antagonist. H1R is a GPCR coupled to a G-alpha q located in CNS neurons, vascular ECs and smooth muscle cells in the lungs and GI tract. Normally, H1R is activated by histamine and causes an increase in IP3, DAG and calcium to initiate smooth muscle contraction and vascular permeability, bronchoconstriction, mucus secretion and other physiologic effects. By blocking H1R, promethazine prevents bronchoconstriction and other histamine-mediated symptoms to treat seasonal allergic rhinits.
730000406	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a first generation reversible orthosteric antagonist of histamine H1 receptors located in the CNS and on smooth muscle cells of the bronchioles. Normaly, histamine binds to the H1 receeptor and signals through Gaq to increase IP3 and DAG, which increases calcium permeability and causes activation of MLCK. This causes actin-myosin activation and smooth muscle contraction. In the case of seasonal allergic rhinitis, bronchoconstriction occurs. As an antagonist, promethazine blocks this pathway from occuring and causes broncodilation.
730336626	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a antagonist of the histamine type 1 receptor (H1R). Promethazine is a first generation H1R orthosteric antagonist, and has CNS depressent effects. In normal physiology, histmaine binding to the H1R triggers activation of the sympathetic nervous system to singal an inflammatory response to the area. In disease states, such as allergic rhinusitis, there is over activation of the H1R receptors causing increased inflammation, itching, readness, etc. Antagonism of the H1R prevents the histamine activation of the H1R and prevents signal propagation to the CNS to trigger an inflammatory response. Since promethazine is lipophillic it will cross the blood brain barrier and will have effects on the CNS; sedation is the most common side effect of first generation antihistamines.
730163464	Promethazine (brand name: Phenergan) is an H1R antihistamine used to treat symptoms of nausea and vomiting via seratonergic effects from crossing the BBB, because it is a GL H1R.
730309616	Promethazine is an orthosteric, reversible, first generation histamine H1 receptor antagonist. Promethazine targets histamine H1 receptors that are ubiquitous throughout the body, including the vascular smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells. Normally, histamine binds to H1 receptors and causes type I hypersensitivity reaction. This causes inflammatory pathways to be activated and results in allergic responses like itchy eyes and a runny nose. By preventing histamine from binding to H1 receptors, promethazine prevents the inflammatory response from occurring and treats the symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
730004713	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a revesible, competitive antagonist of histamine H receptors in the GI tract, bronchial smooth muscle cells, and respiratory tract. Promethazine is a first generation histamine H1R antagonist, and so it is highly lipophilic, which allows it to cross the blood-brain barrier and act on cells of the central nervous system, causing sedation. Histamine H1R is a GPCR coupled to the G alpha q protein, and so activation of histamine H1R causes increased production of IP3 and phospholipase C. In normal physiology, binding of histamine to H1R causes vasodilation and bronchoconstriction as part of the immune response to the presence of a perceived allergen. As a histamine H1R antagonist, promethazine blocks the effects of histamine by binding to histamine H1R and preventing its activation, thus decreasing vasodilation and bronchoconstriction to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730324249	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a first generation histamine H1 receptor antagonist that acts as a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of histamine H1 receptors on post synaptic neurons inervated by the central nervous system. Normally, the neurotransmitter histamine activates the H1 receptors which leads to the propagation of electrical stimuli through nerves of the central nervous stystem which induces an immune response such as itching. By inhibiting the histatmine H1 receptors in the central nervous system, promethazine stops the transmission of electro-chemical signals through neurons to stop the immune response induced by season allergic rhinitis. Additioanlly, promethazine is a very lipophillic drug and is able to cross the blood brain barrier which may lead to sedating effects and should be taken at night.
730305081	Promethazine is reversible, orthosteric first generation H1 receptor antagonist located in the CNS. Normally, histamine binds to H1 receptor to cause an inflammatory response by the body. As a first generation H1 receptor antagonist, promethazine can cross the blood brain barrier and blocks the H1 receptor, thereby reducing the inflammatory response associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis. It can also help with nausea/vomiting because it crosses the blood brain barrier.
730338500	Promethazine is a First generation, non-selective reversible orthosteric antagonist of the Histamine 1 receptor in the CNS as well as parietal cells. In normal physiology, histamine binds to the Histamine 1 receptor allowing for the immune system to be activated and fight against allergens. Promethazine blocks the binding of Histamine to any of the H1 receptors and reduces the immune response symptomatic of allergic rhinitis. Promethazine is lipophilic and therefore can cross the blood-brain barrier resulting in sedative side effects.
730013201	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteroic antagonist of H1Rs, which are located in smooth muscle cells. Normally, H1Rs are bound by histamine, which activates Gs to increase [cAMP], thereby contracting the cell. By inhibiting histmamine biding, promethazine relieves symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis.
720517743	Promethazine is a first generation azole antihistamine that acts as an orthosteric antagonist of histamine 2 receptors in the upper respiratory tract. In normal physiology, histamine bind the receptors to induce inflammatory responses such as eosinophil recruitment, tissue irritation, and bronchoconstriction. By blocking these receptors, promethazine decreases the inflammatory responses in the upper respiratory tract, alleviating these symptoms.
730341519	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric inhibitor of the histamine 1 receptor(H1R). For treating allergic rhinitis, promethazine targets H1Rs in the periphery which are located on smooth muscle cells in the lungs and GI tract as well as vascular endothilial cells. Normally, histamine is released by mast cells in an allergic response and it activates H1Rs leading to symptoms such as vasodilation, bronchoconstriction, and mucus secretion. By inhibiting H1Rs in the periphery, promethazine can reduce these symptoms of H1R activation. An important characteristic of promethazine is that it is a first generation H1R antagonist and thus is nonselective/sedating. Its lipophilic structure allows it to pass through the blood brain barrier and bind to H1Rs in the CNS which control sleep/wake cycles and cognitive functions, which cause side effects of drowsiness/sedation.
730349484	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the histamine 1 receptor. The histamine 1 receptor is located in many places of the body including the GI tract and the CNS. Normally, histamine would bind to H1R which would activate Gq resulting in smooth muscle contractions (constriction of bronchus), and on the CNS neurons cause motion sickness and vertigo. Promethazine blocks histamine from binding to the H1R which would result in less inflammation, contractions on smooth muscles, and nausea and vomiting.
730300545	Promethazine is a reversible, competitive inhibitor of histamine H1 receptors. The drug&#39;s target is histamine H1 receptors located on smooth muscle cells. Normally, H1 receptors activate mucus secretions and the common symptoms seen during seasonal allergic rhinitis. By inhibiting histamine H1 receptors, promethazine is able to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis by blocking the mucus secretions and the symptoms seen during seasonal allergic rhinitis such as itchiness, runny nose.
730304972	The API of promethazine is Phenergan. Phenergan is a nonselective first generation H1 histamine receptor antagonist. It is nonselective because it is a lipophilic drug that can cross the BBB and has a variety of polypharmacological effects. It is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist. Promethazine targets the H1 histamine receptor found on SMC in the lung and the peripheral vasculature. Normally, the H1 histamine receptor is activated when Histamine binds. The receptor is coupled to G alpha q that increases IP3 and DAG levels that causes influx of Ca2+ ions that bind with Ca and activate MLCK. MLCK causes actin and myosin to interact and causes SMC contraction (bronchoconstriction). Promethazine blocks activation of the H1 histamine receptor by histamine to prevent the activation of MLCK and prevent contraction. It also prevents the recruitment of eosinophils by histamine to decrease mucus production associated with allergic rhinitis. It is used to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730304973	The pharmacologic role is a reversible, orthosteric, antagonist. It&#39;s target location is the H1 receptor at the CNS vestibular nuclei. In normal physiology Gaq to activate IP3 and PIP2, this increase Ca2+ which can cause histamine release.. It can cause drowsiness in patients suffering from allergic rhinitis. It reduces inflammation from the allergies by blocking the H1 receptor.
730012843	Promethazine is a competitive, reversible antagonist of the H1 receptor expressed on smooth muscle cells. Normally, H1 is activated by histamine to produce an inflammatory response when exposed to an allergen. This leads to bronchoconstriction and increased mucosal secretions. Promethazine blocks histamine from binding to the H1 receptor, and this results in bronchodilation and decreased mucosal secretions to alleviate symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730324303	1) promethazine (Phenergan) is a first generation histamine H1 antagonist. It is a competitive reversible antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor 2) the drug&#39;s target is histamine H1 receptor located in perripheral tissue 3) 4)
720451649	Promethazine is a 1st generation reversible antagonist of the Histamine-1 Receptor located on smooth muscle cells. Normally, histamine will bind to the Histamine-1 receptor to activate G-alpha-s to activate vasodilation and hypersensitivity effects. Promethazine inhibits these effects to treat sesonal allergic rhinitis.
730304974	Promethazine is a first generation reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the H1R on nasal mucosal cells. Normally, histamine binds H1R, causing mucus secretion. Promethazine blocks the histamine from binding the mucosal cell, resulting in decreased mucus secretion which is characteristic in seasonal allergic rhinits.
730020056	Promethazine is a reversibile antagonist of histamine-1 receptors. H1 receptors are found throughout the body, but their most important localization when treating allergic rhinitis is in vascular and bronchiolar smooth muscle cells and in endothelial cells. In normal physiology, histamine activates the H1 receptor and causes bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, and multiple other inflammatory effects associated with allergic rhinitis. As an antagonist of the H1 receptor, promethazine prevents is activation and causes reduced bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, mucus secretion, etc. to alleviate symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis.
720541446	Promethazine (Phenergan) is an orthosteric G1 histamine-1 receptor antagonist. The drug&#39;s target is the H1Rs found in the GI tract; when bound by histamine, H1Rs, coupled to G-alpha-q, stimulate IP3 and DAG; IP3 stimulates Ca release and DAG stimulates phopholipase C. Ultimately, histamine binding to the H1R causes leaky channels, leading to excess fluid within the system exhibited throughh wateryeyes and runny noses in seasonal allergic rhinitis. Promethazine binds to H1R to prevent the activation of the GPCR and its downstream effects that cause excess fluid to escape through leaky channels and into the system.
730014494	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric, first generation, antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor found in GI cells. In normal physiology, the histamine H1 receptor is bound by histamine, and coupled to G-alpha-Q to increase intracellular calcium ions that form a complex with calmodulin, and activate the MLCK to activate myosin and cause muscle contraction. This usually causes nausea and vomiting. Histamine also plays a role in allergies because histamine is released in repsonse to anything the body recognizes as foreign to mount an immune response, which presents as inflammation in the sinuses along with other symptoms. Promethazine can help to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis because it is lipophilic and can cross the blood brain barrier, which gives it sedating properties. When someone is experiencing allergies, these sedating effects are helpful because they are able to sleep through the symptoms. When promethazine is used to block the histamine H1 receptors, it reduces the effects of histamine that typically cause inflammation in this sinuses, which is a symptom characteristic of allergic rhinitis.
730305979	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a G1 H2 receptor antagonist. It is an orthosteric antagonist that acts on the H2 receptors in the vestibular nuclei in the CNS. Normally, H2 receptors are activated by histamine to modulate neurotransmission in the vestibular nuclei. This results in motion sickness and nausea. By inhibiting the activation of H2 receptors by histamine, promethazine inhibits this neurotransmission. Promethazine is indicated for seasonal allergic rhinitis, motion sickness, chemo-induced nausea and vomitting, and sedation.
720401318	1. Orthosteric, reversible Antagonist 2. H1R on enteric neurons in the CNS 3. When h1r is activate it does transmission of the vestibular system of the CNS 4. When promethazine is binds it inhibits the h1r activity on the vestibular system to reduce the nasuea effect. Also acts a an off target mACh receptors to slow down gastric contractility.
730344044	Promethazine is a first generation reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the histamine-1 receptor located on endothelial cells. Usually, the receptor is bound by histamine, which works via the G-alpha-q subunit and cascades a signal that promotes the immune response that is activated in the event of a IgE-mediated hypersensitivity reaction. By inhibiting the histamine-1 receptor, we depress this immune response, which decreases the allergic response associated with allergies and helps treat seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730342829	Promethazine is a first generation competitive orthosteric antagonist of the Type 1 histamine receptor in vascular smooth muscle cells. Due to the fact that promethazine is lipophilic, it can cross the blood brain barrier and induce effects on H1 receptors in the brain. Promethazine blocks the binding of histamine to the receptor and by doing so blocks the activation of Galphaq. In normal physiology, histamine binding activates the Galphaq GPCR subunit resulting in the conversion of PIP2 to IP3, IP3 induced release of calcium from the Sarcoplasmic Reticulum, formation of the Calcium-calmodulin substrate and ultimate activation of MLCK phosphorylation of myosin heads for muscle contraction. By blocking the muscle contraction, the anti-histamine Promethazine allows for smooth muscle cell relaxation and resolvement of vasoconstriction associated with allergic rhinitis symptoms.
730361796	promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of first generation Histamine Receptor (H1R) on parietal tissues. Normally, endogeneous histamine activates H1R, which then activates G-alpha-q and cause Ca2+ to rush into cell which leads to increase mucus secretion in response to allergies. By inhibiting this activity, promethazine reduce mucus seretion on parietal tissue in treating seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730009316	Promethazine (Phenergan) is an anti-emetic agent and is used to treat allergic rhinitis. It is a first generation H1 histaminergic receptor antagonist. It acts on histamine 1 receptors, dopaminergic receptors, and cholinergic muscarinic receptors in the CNS, ENS, and GI tract. They cross the blood brain barrier so they cause drowsiness, but promethazine does this the least out of all the first generation H1 receptor blockers. In normal physiology the H1 receptor would cause an allergic response when activated because when histamine binds to the H1 receptor, it causes the GPCRaq receptor to release IP3 and DAG which cause a stimulatory response to induce an allergic reaction. When the h1 receptor is inhibited, this response does not happen and an the allergic response does not happen.
730347896	Promethazine, brand name Phenergan, is a first generation reversible, orthosteric H1R antagonist. The receoptor, found in a variety of cells, normally leads to symptoms that include increase cell membrane permeability, increase mucus secretion, vasodilation, and other end products that cause the symptoms of allergic rhinitis (such as sneezing, runny nose, etc.). Promethazine blocks the activation of this pathway, reducing the downstream effects; reversing cell permeabiliy, decreasing mucus secretion etc. As a first generation, it can cross the BBB and cause sedation.
720461998	Promethazine is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of H1R on bronchiolar SMCs and in the CNS. Usually, H1R is bound to by its endogenous ligand histamine; in the airways, this stimulates Gq-coupled signaling, resulting in activation of PLC, IP3, increased intracellular Ca2+, and ultimately myosin-actin driven contraction. This results in reduced airflow and pruritus. By antagonizing this pathway, promethazine is useful in resolving symptoms of allergic rhinitis and restoring airflow.
730078207	Promethazine is a first generation H1R antagonist. The H1R [histamine type 1 receptor] is located in the CNS synapses within the vestibular neurotransmission region. When H1R becomes activated by its endogenous ligand, histamine, it produces the neurotransmission signalling associated with emesis within the vestibular nuclei that often accompanies motion sickness. As an antagonist, promethazine reduces the activty at the H1R and therefore reduces the neurotransmission associated with the vestibular system to reduce nausea and emesis that is associated with motion sickness.
730006868	Promethazine, generic name Phenergan, is a first generation Histamine 1 Receptor competitive reversible antagonist. These receptors are located in the CNS and smooth muscle cells of the stomach. Typically, they are connected with the chemoreceptor trigger zone and vestibular nuclei in the central nervous system, and upon histamines release (endogenous ligand), it binds to cause motion sickness, nausea and vomiting, and vertigo. Promethazine acts as an inhibitor to this histamine 1 receptor. It is fairly lipophilic though, and can cross the blood brain barrier to cause sedation, which is one of its adverse effects.
730363572	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of first generation histamine 1 receptor, which is a GPCR that acts through G alpha q. These receptors are found in a lot of locations in the body, including vascular smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells. Normally, histamine binds to the histamine 1 receptors and activates phospholipase C, which increases IP3 and DAg levels that ultimately lead to an increase in intracellular calcium concentration. This will cause smooth muscle cell contraction and lead to other common symptoms of allergic rhinitis. By acting as an antagonist of the H1 receptor, this drug prevents histamine from binding to the receptor and therefore leads to relaxation of bronchiolar smooth muscle cells and decreases common symptoms of allergic rhinitis such as mucus secretion.
730364568	Promethazine is a competitve orthosteric antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor. The receptor is located in the vestibulocochlear area of the CNS. Normally signalling through the receptor and relays spatial and motion information. Phenergan is used to decrease this signalling to decrease the symptoms associated with motion sickness and vertigo caused by aberrant signalling though the H1 receptor.
730363249	Promethazine is a first generation H1 receptor reversible, orthosteric antagonist. Promethazine targets H1 receptors in ECs and VSMCs located in a variety of locations that participate in allergic response such as in the nose, but it also is a first-generation class so it can also pass the BBB and target histamine receptors in the CNS. For allergic rhinitis symptoms, histamine targets the H1 receptor, a G-alpha-q receptor, resulting in increased IP3 and DAG, increased Ca2+, and increased activation of PKC. This increased activation leads to downstreatm activation of inflammatory and reactive mechanisms consistent with allergic response such as increased mucous production, inflammation, and vasoconstriction. Promethazine antagonizes G-alpha-q, inhibiting the eventual activation of PKC and decreasing the resulting alllergic symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis.
730338781	Promethazine is a reversible orthosteric antagonist. The drugs target are H1 Receptors located in many places in the body including the lungs and neurons in the CNS. The target&#39;s role in normal physiology is polypharmacologic and includes many roles such as stimulating an IgE mediated response common to allergic rhinitis or sedation by activating CNS neurons. Promethazine inhibits the H1R receptor which blocks this IgE mediated response which inhibits symptoms such as congestion, build up of mucus, and sneezing that are characteristic of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730341595	1. Promethazine (Phenergan) is a orthosteric, reversible antagonist of 2. H1 Receptors located on bronchial SMC in lungs, Endothelial cells, AP in CNS. 3. Normally, Histamine activates H1 Receptors via G alpha q which leads to increase in IP3 and DAG --&gt; PKC resulting in increase in Ca+. This activates MLCK that cause smooth muscle contraction and bronchosonstriction. 4. Promethazine works as H1R antagonist to block histamine interaction with H1 receptors, resulting in bronchodilation and reduced airway obtruction. This leads to relieve from symtpoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730015219	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric G1 H1R antagonist located in the peripheral vasculture. Normally, histamine binds to H1 receptors and causes classic seasonal allergy responses by inducing blood vessel dilation, inflammation, and mucosal build up. Promethazine stops the binding of histamine to the H1 receptor which causes a decrease in seasonal allergic rhinitis symptoms.
730305268	Promethazine is a first generation antihistamine that acts as an reversable orthosteric H1R antagonist . H1R is a GPCR bound to G alpha Q that normally binds with histamine all through out the body including mast cells, endothelium cells and other tissues. When bound to the receptor, histamine causes degranulation of Mast cells and increase permiability of blood vessels which leads to the inflammation, runny nose and itchy eyes. Promethazine binds to the H1R and blocks the down-stream effects of Histamine leading to a relief of allergy symptoms.
730305181	Promethazine Brand name: Phenergan Class: Histamine H1 receptor blocker, first generation Indication: seasonal allergic rhinitis MOA: promethazine is the first generation H1 Receptor antagonist expressed on the smooth bronchial muscle cells. It irreversably binds to H1R and decreases symptoms associated with allergic responces.
730300937	Promethazine (Phenergan) is an histamine 1 receptor antagonist. It is a first generation drug of this class and is an orthosteric reversible antagonist. Normally histamine binds to the histamine receptor which leads to further signaling in the vestibular system and also can be involved in inflamation signaling. It acts through g alpha q to increase Ca2+, DAG, and IP3. By inhibiting histamine from binding we stop this signaling and therefore we reduce inflamation which would treat seasonal allergic rhinitis. This drug can act in the CNS also and causes drownsiness.
730257887	Promethazine is a first generation histamine H1 receptor antagonist that acts competitively, orthosterically, and reversibly at the H1 receptor. The endogenous ligand of the receptor is histamine which stimulates the H1 receptor located in vascular smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells to induce mucosal secretions and seasonal allergy symptoms. Promethazine competes with histamine in binding to H1 receptors which consequently blocks the downstream effects of histamine and thus reduces symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis. A characteristic side effect of promethazine is sedation due to the lipophilic profile of first generation H1 antagonists which allows these drugs to cross the blood brain barrier and bind to H1 receptors in the CNS, therefore causing prominent drowsiness and sedation.
730364945	Promethazine is a first generation anti-histamine, acting as a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of histamine H1 receptors in the neurons of the CNS and VECs. Normally, histamine binds the H1R and acts through Galphaq to induce inflammatory processes and other immune responses associated with allergic rhinitis. As an H1R antagonist, promethazine binds the receptor and blocks these inflammatory responses and treats allergic rhinitis.
730301189	Promethazine is an agonist. promethazine is an agonist that binds to B2 receptors of the smooth muscle cells. In normal physiology, B2 causes vasodialation, relaxation of the bronchos. Promethazine is an agonist to B2 receptors meaning that it binds to B2 receptors, stimulating even more bronchodialation. Therefore it reduces the symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730364732	Promethazine, or Phenergan, is a competitive, reversible antagonist of H1 GPCRs. Normally, in response to an allergic stimuli, histamine is released and upon binding to the H1 receptor in the periphery in locations such as endothelial and bronchial SMCs, will activate the G alpha q pathway signalling through IP3 and PIP2 to increase calcium concentrations. This increased calcium concentration activates MLCK and additionally will increase levels of NO in the periphery and results in the allergic response such as bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, and fluid exudation. Promethazine acts as an antagonist on these receptors, preventing histamine binding and mediating the allergic response as a result.
730302084	Promethazine is a first generation Histamine 1 Receptor antagonist. Normally, histamine binds to the H1 receptor and increases the permeability of blood vessels as well as stimulates the release of inflammatory mediators. Promethazine binds to the H1R and blocks the release of inflammatory mediators that lead to symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
730012427	Promethazine is a first generation reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor, located in vascular smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells. Normally, histamine activates the H1 receptor, which activates G alpha s and induces cellular contraction, leading to symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis. Promethazine prevents activation of the H1 receptor, preventing symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730008469	Promethazine is a competitive, reversible Gen 1 H1R Antagonist . Its target is expressed in the CNS and the vestibular nuclei. Normally, histamine (HA) binds to H1 receptors which are GPCRs with Gq. HA is used to transmit emetic signaling in the vestibular neclei. Promethazine works by inhibting the HA-mediated transmission of emetic signaling in the CNS reducing the symptoms associated with motion sickness. It also works off target by blocking muscarinic receptors in the GI tract to reduce emetic contractions.
730308977	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric, competitive inhibitor of H1 receptors located vascular endothelial cells and ubiquitously throughout the body. Normally, histamine binds to H1 receptors (GPCRs) which involve activation of G-alpha-q coupled pathways that involve cellular contraction and leaky vasculature that contribute to proinflammatory responses associated with symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis. Histamine activation can lead to hypersensitivity reactions and increased mucus production. Promethazine blocks the binding of histamine to its receptor, thus inhibiting further proinflammatory responses from occuring. Because promethazine is a 1st generation antihistamine drug, it can also have anticholinergic and antiadrenergic effects, leading to side effects such as cough and drowsiness.
730304975	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a reversible, orthosteric H1R antagonist, located on smooth muscle cells, used for the treatment of allergic rhinitis and also for nausea and vomiting (the side effects of this drug). As a first generation H1R antagonist, promethazine crosses the blood brain barrier thereby causing sedation. In normal physiology, H1R (histamine 1 receptor) is stimulated by allergens causing the release of histmaine which has a pro-inflammatory effect and results in the symptoms of allergic rhinitis (sneezing, itchy and runny nose). Inhibition of H1R by promethazine prevents this response, however, the drug is most effect if taken before exposure, not after the person has already been exposed and histamine has been released.
730177416	Promethazine is a reversible orthosteric first generation H1 receptor antagonist. The H1 receptor is found throughout the body and in the immune system. In patients with seasonal allergies exposure to an antigen causes binding of histamine to the Gaq GPCR leading to Ca2+ release within the cell that induces IgE activation and inflammation. This induces the symptoms of allergic rhinitis such as itchy eyes and runny nose. Inhibition of histamine binding to the H1 receptor prevents these symptoms and can help treat patients with allergc rhinitis. The H1 receptor is also found int he vestibular system where first generation H1R antagonists can bind to prevent vestibular signalling and lead to the well known drowsy symptoms of treatments like promethazine.
730309632	Promethazine (brand name Phenergan) is a first geneation H1 receptor antagonist that is used in the treatment of seasonal allergies through competitive and reverisble inhibition of the H1 receptor located on smooth muscle cells (i.e. those in the GI tract and respiratory tract), endothelial cells, and post-synaptic neurons. In normal physiology, histmaine binding to the H1 receptor causes activation of the GPCR, which is coupled to G-alpha-q, which eventually activation MLCK to cause contraction of smooth muscle in the GI tract and bronchoconstriction. Additionally, in normal physiology histamine has the ability to cross the blood-brain barrier to bind to post-synaptic neurons in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the brain to induce the sensations of nausea. As an anti-histamine, promethazine is responsible for blocking activation of the H1 receptors to induce bronchodilation and reduce mucus production by G-alpha-q, and in turn MLCK activation, which limits actin-myosin mediated contraction. Promethazine also exhibits polypharmacologic activity as a first-generation antihistmaine, and is able to bind to muscarinic receptors, adrenergic receptors, and dopamine receptors to elicit a multitude of side effects including constipation and loss of appetite. Finally, as a first-generation antagonist, promethazine is able to cross the blood-brain barrier to block activation of histamine receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone to reduce the perception of nausea. Additionally, histamine activates receptors in the brain responsible for sleep/wake cycles, which is responsible for the extreme sedative effect assocaited with promethazine administration.
730163687	N/A
730227103	Promethazine is a first generation antihistimine. This means that it is a competative orthostearic antagonist of the H1R. The drug targets the H1R in vascular smooth muscle and endothelial cells. In normal physiology histamine would bind to the H1R to induce smooth muscle contraction to increase vascular permeability and the release of proinflammatory mediators that induce the allergic response. Since this drug is an antagonist of this receptor it blocks this pathway in order to reduce the symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis. Also since this drug is a first generation antihistimine it is centrally acting so you will experience the CNS depressing side effects associated with other drugs within this class of medications.
730308980	Promethazine is a competitive, reversible, first-generation histamine-2 receptor antagonist. Its target, histamine-2 receptors, are located in the peripheral vasculature. Normally, receptors signal through G-alpha-s to increase cAMP concentration, activate PKC, and induce inflammation by release of histamine. By inhibiting H2 receptors from releasing histamine, promethazine will decrease inflammation to treat seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730084405	Promethazine is an H1 receptor orthosteric reversible antagonist. It binds to H1 receptors in the CNS that normally bind histamine. Normally, histamine binds to the H1 receptors and signal through G alpha q to increase MCLK, and increase signalling in the prenumbra to induce nausea and vomiting. Promethazine is a First generation antihistamine and as such can cross the BBB to block the binding of histamine, and thus reduce signalling in the CNS, and reduce nausea and vomiting.
730042911	Promethazine is a reversible competitive antagonist to Histamine H1 Receptor. Histamine receptors are located everywhere in the body, in particular when talking about allergy symptoms. The medications target the histamine receptors in the upper respiratory tract in the bronchiole epithelial tissues. There are also histamine receptors in the CNS. When histamine normally binds to the receptor, they activate mucus secretion, vasodilation (which results in sweling), and stimulate nerve endings (itching sensation). When promethazine binds to the H1 receptors, they block histamine activity in the body resulting in decreased secretion, swelling, and itching associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730301145	Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the histamine 1 receptor. The H1 receptor is located on the neurons in the CNS and normally binds to histamine when the patient is exposed to an allergen. This binding induces the allergic response seen with seasonal allergic rhinitis. When promethazine binds the H1 receptor, endogenous histamine cannot bind and the symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis are inhibited.
730043583	Promethazine is a first generation Histamine H1 receptor antagonist. It is a reversible, competitive antagonist. The histamine H1 receptor is located on the parasympathetic nerves and on cells involved in the immune respose. Normally, when the receptor is activated by histamine, it causes depolarization of the neuron, and the parasympathetic nerves are activated to release ACh on a variety of cell types throughout the body. Also, histamine normally activates the cells of the innate immune response to cause an increase in the release of cytokines and other inflammatory signals, which leads to an allergic response. Promethazine, as an antagonist, causes a decrease in parasympathetic activity and a decrease in the expression of inflammatory signles involved in the allergic immune response. It also can cause sedation because it can pass throught the BBB and inhibit neurons in the CNS. The therapeutic outcomes seen with treatment of allergic rhinitis because is reduces the inflammation and mucus secretions of the upper respiratory tract.
730305983	Promethazine is a competitive, reversible, first generation antagonist.. ..of histamine H1 receptors located primarily in the enteric nervous system and central nervous system. In normal physiology, histamine binds the histamine H1 receptor, activating the GPCR-Gq cascade that leads to increased signals to the CNS that contribute to the sensation of nausea and vomiting. Promethazine is a non-selective, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the H1 receptor, competing with histamine to bind to its receptor. Promethazine causes the H1 Gs complex to not be activated, leading to decreased signals of nausea and vomiting from the CNS. Promethazine is able to cross the blood brain barrer causing sedation, as well as exerts effects on dopamine receptors, muscarinic receptors, and serotonin receptors located in the CNS that leads to the treatment of nausea and vomiting and allergic reactions, as well as causes sedation.
730305085	Promethazine is a first generation reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the histamine H1 receptor located ubiquitously; however, for the treatment of allergic rhinitis, the location of therapeutic effect is on the H1R located on VSMC and EC. The histamine H1 receptor is coupled to the G-alpha-s protein which increases the intracellular cAMP levels. Normally, histamine binds to the H1R and results in raised levels of cAMP in the cell, which causes cell constriction in endothelial cells and increased permeation or pro-inflammatory factors, and activation of secretory cells in VSMC. This effect results in symptoms of allergic rhinitis like runny nose. Promethazine acts as an antagonist at these H1 receptors to cause EC relaxation and decreased permeability and deceased secretions from VSMC. This alleviates symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
720141645	Promethazine is a reversible first generation H1 histamine receptor antagonist located on SMC&#39;s, nasal tissues, and other tissues throughout the body. Normally Histamine binds to the H1R activating GalphaS and increasing CAMP causing various allergic immune response actions such as vasoconstriction and mucus production. Promethazine binds to the histamine receptor and prevents the binding of histamine. This disallows the activation of GalphaS and prevents the allergic immune response actions listed above to continue, thus treating allergic rhinitis.
730011977	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a G1 antihistamine and acts a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the histamine receptors. Normally this drug&#39;s target binds to H1 receptors in the ariways and nasal passages to induce an inflamation response when an allergen is present. This is usually a healthy biological process; however, when this process becomes overactive and inappropriate, therapy is needed. Blocking the histamine receptors in the airways reduces inflamation and discomfort associated with allergic rhinitis and makes it easier for the patient to breath.
730362445	Promethazine is a first generation H1 receptor antagonist. Promethazine is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the histamine-1 receptor located in CNS vestibular system. Under normal physiological conditions, histamine activates the H1 receptor, which when activated leads to histamine neurotransmission in the vestibular system, that causes symptoms seen in motion sickness and nausea and vomiting. By inhibiting H1R, promethazine will prevent the binding of histamine to the H1 receptor. This will lead to a decrease in neurotransmission in the vestibular system and a relief of symptoms associated with nausea and vomiting.
730305984	Phenergan (promethazine) is a first generation anti-histamine. It is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the histamine-1 receptor (H1R), a GPCR that functions through Gaq found most importantly in the vascular EC and SMCs of the bronchioles, when treating seasonal allergic rhinitis. In normal physiology, histamine activates the H1R begining the Gaq cascade, activating PLC, liberating IP3 and DAG, which in turn leads to an increase in Ca2+ in the cytoplasm. This ultimately leads to bronchiole SMC contraction and contraction of endothelial cells leading to increased vessel permeability (increased exudate), both of which are commonly the culprit in seasonal allergy cases. Phenergan shows its therapeutic utility in its ability to antagonize the effects of histamine at the H1R, leading to a decrease in activity of the Gaq cascade detailed above. In doing so, promethazine promotes bronchiole SMC relaxation (increased airflow) and relaxation of endothelial cells to decrease vessel permeability (lessened exudate), to combat the seasonal allergic rhinitis seen in patients. It should be noted that first generation antihistamines have the ability to cross the BBB and cause sedation along with other adverse effects in the CNS.
730305023	Promethazine is a reversible orthosteric first generation histamine-1 receptor antagonist, which is located in bronchiolar smooth muscle cells, epithelial smooth muscle cells and vasculature. Normally, histamine activates GPCR receptor of G-alpha-q, and G-alpha-q will then activate IP3 and DAG to induce inflammatory response of bronchoconstriction and vasal dilation to recruit pro-inflammatory mediators like cytokines, chemokines, etc. thus producing inflammatory reactions. As an H1RA, promethazine blocks the activation of G-alpha-q and reduces the inflammatory responses by causing bronchodilation and vasoconstriction (less inflammatory mediators recruited), thereby allevating symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
730335119	Promethazine is a reversible first-generation H1R (Type 1 histamine receptor) antagonist. H1R is found on the smooth muscle cells of the GI tract and respiratory tract as well as in CNS where it has a role in regulating the sleep/wake cycle, cognition, and attention. In normal physiology, histamine binds H1R (a GPCR) and activates Gaq, which leads to Ca release and the activation of MLCK. This then activates myosin and cause SMC muscle contraction that increases permeability as part of the inflammatory response. Promethazine blocks the activation of H1R by histamine and prevents smooth muscle contraction and permeability to treat symptoms (e.g. runny nose, watery eyes) associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis.
720520297	Promethazine is an orthosteric reversible antagonist to the H1 receptor in the smooth muscle cells in lungs and CNS. Normally, histamine binds to the H1 receptor (GPCR) and activates Galphaq protein which activates IP3, DAG which has downstream effects on vasoconstriction, inflammatory responses and other symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis. Promethazine prevents histamine from binding to the receptor and thus prevents downstream signaling that produces allergic rhinitis symptoms.
730119872	Promethazine is a first-generation, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the H1 receptor that is located on vascular smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells. When the H1 receptor is normally activated by histamine, this stimulates bronchoconstriction, increased vascular permeability, vasodilation, and increased release of inflammatory mediators and cytokines. Promethazine blocks this signaling pathway to treat allergic rhinitis by decreasing these inflammatory effects, and its lipophilic structure also allows it to cross the blood-brain barrier where it can bind to H1 receptors in the CNS and lead to sedation.
730305285	Promethazine is a G1H1 receptor reversible, orthosteric antagonist. Normally, histamine activates H1 and signals through G alpha q to increase Ca, activate MLCK and stimulate smooth muscle contraction. By blocking H1 activation, allergy symptoms are mitigated.
720507989	Promethazine is a competitive, orthosteric antagonist of the Histamine H1 Receptor. The Histamine H1R is a GPCR located on GI smooth muscle cells and lung smooth muscle cells. Normally, this receptor is activated by Histamine and upon activation it is coupled with Gaq, leading to an increase in IP3, DAG, activation of MLCK, and muscle contractions. This causes the physiology associated with allergies (mucus production, bronchoconstriction). By acting as an antagonist of the H1R, promethazine prevents histamine from activating these receptors which treats these symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
730308983	Promethazine (Phenergan) is a first generation histamine H1 Receptor antagonist, binding to the H1R in vascular smooth muscle cells, endothelial cells and neurons in the CNS. The endogenous ligand, histamine (which can be secreted in resopnse to an IgE immune reaction) can bind to the H1R receptor, a GPCR, coupled with GalphaQ (increase in IP3, DAG and Ca2++, activates PKC, activates MLCK) activating Troponin C and actin-myosin resulting in muscle contraction, leading to symptoms of allergic rhinitis (vasodilation, bronchoconstriction, decreased vessel permeability, etc.). Reversible, orthosteric antagonist binding to the receptor, prevents muscle contraction, releaving symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
