730336623	Sumatriptan is a 5-HT(1B/1D) agonist which binds to the 5-HT(1B/1D) receptors, which are GPCRs on smooth muscle cells. Normally, the GPCR&#39;s Galpha(i) decreases cAMP and causes vasoconstriction on the intracranial nerve. As an agonist, it mimics this activity to combat the vasodilation caused by migraine.
730009227	Sumatriptan is a reverisble orthosteric agonist of 5HT1B receptors in the brain and on smooth muscle cells and of the 5HT1D receptor on CNS neurons. In normal physiology the 5HT1B receptor activates G alpha i to decrease camp levels and inactivate PKA. MLCK stay activated and causes vasoconstriction in the brain and smooth muscle cells. The 5HT1D receptor is also coupled to G alpha i and decreases camp levels, but in the neurons this results in a decrease of nocicptive signalling of the acending pathway. The agonist action of sumatriptan promotes vasoconstriction and the decrease of nocicptive signalling to alleviate migraine symptoms.
711510047	Sumatriptan is an orthosteric, reversible 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptor agonist. These serotonin receptors are GPCRs located in smooth muscle cells (SMCs) of the cranial vasculature as well as on presynaptic neurons of cranial blood vessels. In normal physiology, serotonin binds 5-HT1BR which activates G-alpha-i, decreases levels of cAMP and deactivates PKA, which allows MLCK to remain active and cause cranial smooth muscle contraction, thereby reversing excitability of the trigeminal vasculature. Additionally, serotonin binds 5-HT1DR which activates G-alpha-i, decreases levels of cAMP and attenuates the pro-inflammatory signaling of CGRP. By mimicking the agonism of endogenous serotonin at these receptors, sumatriptan increases vasoconstriction of cranial SMCs and decreases pro-inflammatory neuronal signaling that is characteristic of acute migraine.
730301143	Sumatriptan is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of 5-HT1B receptors located on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature, and 5-HT1D receptors located on pre-synaptic neurons innervating cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin is the endogenous agonist of 5-HT1BR, signaling through G-alpha-i to decrease cAMP, deactivate PKA, activate MLCK and myosin, causing smooth muscle contraction in the cranial vasculature. Serotonin is also the endogenous agonist of 5-HT1DR, signaling through G-alpha-i to decrease cAMP and suppress CGRP, a vasoactive and pro-inflammatory peptide. As an agonist, sumatriptan enhances cranial vasoconstriaction to reverse excitation of trigeminal afferents and neuroinflammation to relieve migraine headache symptoms.
730008206	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is a selective 5-HT 1B/1D receptor agonist that binds to receptors located in the cranial blood vessels. Normally, when serotonin binds to its receptor it acts through the G-alpha-i pathway to decrease the levels of cAMP that inactivates PKA which does not allow for the activation of MLCP that triggers smooth muscle relaxation. Instead this leads to increased levels of MLCK that activates myosin and triggers smooth muscle constriction and vasoconstriction in the cranium. Sumatriptan as an agonist aids in this pathway signaling to enhance vasoconstriction and attenuate proinflammatory neuropeptide release to treat acute migranes.
720431068	Sumatriptan is a selective, orthosteric 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist. This is a GPCR coupoled to GalphaI that will decrease cAMP. Normally, serotonin will bind to the receptors located in the CNS and on neurons to cause crainial vasoconstriction and inhibition of proinflammatory peptides. The use of sumatriptan will mimic the effects of serotonin and releive the inflammation and vasodilation that is associated with a migraine.
730170143	Sumatriptan is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of the 5-HT1B/D receptors in the CNS. Normally, 5-HT1B receptors signal via Gai to cause vasoconstriction of cranial arteries and 5-HT1D receptors signal via Gai to reduce neurogenic inflammation. Sumatriptin binds to 5-HT1B/D receptors to vasoconstrict cranial arteries and reduce neurogenic inflammation in the treatment of migraines.
730337615	Sumatriptan is an orthosteric agonist of 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors on intracranial blood vessels and sensory neurons. Normally, 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D are bound by seretonin and act to constrict the intracranial blood vessels and mitigate pain signaling. By acting as an agonist of these receptors sumatriptan increase intracranial vasoconstriction and reduce inflammation thereby relieving the symptoms of pain associated with migraine headaches.
730046634	Sumatripatin is a reversible orthosteric agonist of 5HT1B/1D R. These serotonin receptors are located in cranial SMC and in the TCC. The 5HT1B receptor is normally activated by serotonin and works through G alpha i and MLCK to decrease cAMP levels and cause vasoconstriction. Serotonin will activate 5HT1D centrally in the TCC which can work to attenuate noiceceptive signaling. As an agonist of these pathways, sumatriptin will futher cause vasoconstriction of 5HT1B which will decrease intracranial pressure and pain associated with migraines. As an agonist of 5HT1D, sumatriptin will help alleviate the noiceceptive pain associated with migraines.
720516197	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT1B/1D receptor on the smooth muscle cell of cranial vasculature and on the presynaptic neuron innervating cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin binds to 5-HT1B receptor and activate Gai, which leads to decreased cAMP concentration, leading to deactivated PKA. MLCK remains active and myosin is activated, leading to smooth muscle contraction. In addition, serotonin also binds to 5-HT1D receptor and activates Gai and decrease cAMP concentration. This attenuates release of Calcitonin Gene Related Peptide (CGRP), a vasoactive, proinflammatory peptide. As an agonist of 5-HT1B receptor on the smooth muscle cell of cranial vasculature and of 5-HT1D receptor on the presynaptic neuron, sumatriptan causes intracranial vasoconstriction to reverse the excitation of trigeminal afferents and neuroinflammation which contribute to migraine headaches.
730010565	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an agonist of 5-HT(1B) receptors on vSMCs in the cranial vasculature and 5-HT(1D) receptors on pre-synaptic terminals in the CNS. Normally, serotonin acts as an agonist of 5-HT(1B) receptors in order to act through G-alpha-i and decrease cAMP, while activating MLCK in order to induce constriction of SMCs of the cranial vasculature. Serotonin normally activates 5-HT(1D) receptors and acts through G-alpha-i to decrease cAMP and stop release of CGRP, which is a vasoactive and neuroinflammatory peptide. Therefore, as an agonist of these receptors, sumatriptan allows for vasoconstriction of the cranial vasculature and disturbance with the release of CGRP which alleviates the vasodilation in cranial vasculature associated with migraines and decreases neuroinflammation.
720391577	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an agonist of the 5-HT1B receptors in the SMC of cranial vasculature and an agonist of 5-HT1D receptors loacted in the pre-synaptic neurons of cranial blooc vessels. Normally, serotonin activates 5-HT1B which activates G-alpha-i causing decreased concentration of cAMP, deactivated PKA, and activated MLCK which results in activation of myosin and contraction of vascular SMCs. Serotonin also normally activates 5-HT1D which activates G-alpha-i causing decreased cAMP and attenuates the release of CGRP. As an agonist of both 5-HT1B/1D, sumatriptan works to activate both of these pathways that occur normally and induces vasoconstriction and decreases neuroinflammation which allows it to treat migraines.
730301183	Sumatriptan which goes by the brand name Imitrex is used for the treatment of migraine headaches. It is a 5HT 1B/1D receptor agoinst. Both 5HT 1B and 1D are GPCR coupled to G alpha i. Being an agoinst at 1B causes a decrease is cAMP which deactivated PKA and MLCK stays active so it causes vasoconstriction of the blood vessels in the cranial cavity. Activating 1D prevents the release of CGRP and pro inflammatory proteins that would cause vasodialation normally.
730306031	Sumatriptan, or Imitrex, is an antimigraine agent that targets the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors. These receptors are located on neurons and on smooth muscle cells in the CNS. Both of these receptors are GPCRs that are activated by serotonin and coupled to G alpha i. Sumatriptan is an agonist of these receptors and enhance their normal activity. This leads to an increase in cranial vasoconstriction for treatment of migraines, and attenuation of nociception in the ascending pathway of the CNS.
730336866	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is a reversible orthosteric agonist of 5-HT1BR on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and an agonist of 5-HT1D[F]R on presynaptic neurons innervating cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin is an agonist of the 5-HT1BR which results in vasoconstriction of cranial vasculature through the activation of a GPCR coupled to G-alpha-i which decreases the concentration of cAMP leading to the deactivation of PKA, allowing for MLCK to remain active in which myosin then initiates SMC contraction of cranial vasculature leading to vasoconstriction. Serotonin also acts as an agonist of 5-HT1D[F]R which activates G-alpha-i leading to a decrease in the concentration of cAMP, deactivation of PKA and a reduction in the release of calcotonin gene related peptide (CGRP), a pro-inflammatory vasoactive neuropeptide. Sumatriptan activation of 5-HT1BR and 5-HT1D[F]R ultimately leads to cranial vasculature vasoconstriction, a reduction in neuronal inflammation, and the modulation of nocioception to act in the prevention and as a rescue therapy for migraines.
720511985	Sumatriptan is a agonst of 5-HT1B on smooth muscle cells and 5-HT1D on presynaptic cranial neurons. Both of these are coupled with Gai and cause a decrease in cAMP. The MLCK pathway is still activated with 5-HT1B though and myosin contraction still occurs. Normally these are targetted by serotonin. The resulting cranial vasoconstriction helps with migraines.
720514156	Sumatriptan (Brand Name Imitrex) is an antimigraine agent that is an agonist of 5-HT1B/1D on neurons in the CNS and peripherh. Imitrex binds to 5-HT1B/1D and causes intracranial vasoconstriction (5-HT1B) and smooth muscle contraction (1D) in the periphery leading to the relief of migraine.
730339317	Sumatriptan is an agonist that binds to the 5-HT 1B receptors expressed on the cranial vasculature and the 5-HT 1D receptors expressed on the pre-synaptic neurons that innervate the cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin acts as an agonist to 5-HT 1B which signals via Gi to decrease cAMP and deactivate PKA. MLCK reamins active and myosin also still remains active and as a result SMC of the cranial vasculature are contracted. Serotonin also acts as an agonist of 5-HT 1D receptors which also signal via Gi to decrease cAMP concentration, this attenuates the realase of CGRP which is a neuroactive pro-inflammatory peptide. As an agonist, sumatriptan binds to both 5-HT 1B and 5-HT 1D at their respective locations listed above to induce vasoconstriction which will reduce excitation of trigeminal afferents and neuroinflammation which contributes to migraine headaches.
730007672	Sumatriptan is a selective agonist of 5-HT1B receptors located on SMCs of the cranial vasculature, and of 5-HT1D receptors located on presynaptic neurons innervating cranial arteries. Under normal physiology, serotonin binds to the 5-HT1B receptor, coupling to Gai, and causing SMC contraction and cranial vasoconstriction. Serotonin binds to the 5-HT1D receptor, coupling to Gai, and causing increased innervation and a pro-inflammatory response. Sumatriptan works as an agonist at both receptors, causing increased vasoconstriction and decreased neuroinflammation, in order to treat the increased pressure associated with acute migraine attacks.
730010615	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an reversible, orthosteric agonist of the serotonin 5-HT1B receptor (located on the vascular smooth muscle cells of the cranium) and 5-HT1D receptor (located on the presynaptic neurons innervating the cranial vasculature). The endogenous ligand for both of these receptors is serotonin. Normally, serotonin binds to the 5-HT1B receptors, which are Gai coupled, on the vascular smooth muscle cells in the cranium, inactivate AC, decrease the levels of cAMP, and thus decrease activation of MLCP. Decreased activity of MLCP results in increased relative activity of MLCK, which phosphorylates and activates myosin heads to interact with actin and leads to smooth muscle cell contraction and vasoconstriction. Additionally, normally, serotonin binds to 5-HT1D receptors on neurons innervating cranial blood vessels (which are also Gai coupled receptors) and again inactivates AC, decreases cAMP, and ultimately attenuates the release of inflammatory, neuroactive calcitonin gene derived peptide (CGDP) which is vasoactive and causes vasodilation. In this way too, serotonin leads to vasoconstriction by binding to the 5-HT1D receptor. During a migrane, dysregulation in the brain stem results in cranial vasodilation and activation of afferent trigeminal neurons, resulting in pain. Sumatriptan agonizes the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors like serotonin would, and thus leads to increased vasoconstriction in the cranium due to increased relative MLCK activity in cranial vascular smooth muscle cells (5-HT1BR agonism) and decreased release of vasodiliary proteins (via 5-HT1DR agonism on presynaptic neurons invervating the cranial vasculature). The overall effect of sumatriptan is therefore increased vasoconstriction and decreased activation of the afferent trigeminal neurons that produce migraine pain. In this way, sumatriptan can be used to attenuate the pain and neuronal vasodilation associated with migraines.
730308943	Sumatriptan is a reversible agonist. The target of sumatriptan is the 5HT(1B/1D) receptor in the CNS. Normally, the receptor causes downstream effects via Gi to decrease cAMP which activates PKC and deactivates MLCK in order to constrict cranial blood vessels and decrease inflammation. Sumatriptan binds to the receptor and results in the same effect as the receptor&#39;s normal function (vasoconstriction and decreased inflammation) to alleviate migraines.
730305075	Sumatriptan is a full agonist at 5HT-1B/1D receptor. The 5-HT-1B receptor is located on arterial smooth muscle in the cranial vasculature. The 5-HT-1D receptor is located on presynpatic neurons in the CNS. In normal physiology, 5-HT-1B binds to serotonin which is coupled to the G-alpha(i) signaling pathway. Once activated, there are decreased levels of cAMP, PKA, and increased levels of MLCK resulting in vasoconstriction of the arterial smooth muscles in the cranial vasculature. Additionally, 5-HT-1D binds serotonin and activates the same G-alpha(i) pathway which causes a reduction in the pro-inflammatory cytokines resulting in less inflammation. Sumatriptan acts as an agonist at these receptors and causes cranial vasoconstriction and reduced inflammation in the brain which helps abort the progression of migranes.
730344007	Sumatriptan is a full agonist of 5-HT1B/1DR located in the CNS. 5-HT1BR is found in the vascular smooth muscle of cranial blood vessels and induces vasoconstriction via Gi which decreases cAMP which lowers activity of PKA thus deactivating MLCP. The deactivation of MLCP raises the relative abundance of active MLCK which phosphorylates myosin in the smooth muscle and induces vasoconstriction. 5-HT1DR is found on pre-synaptic neurions that innervate cranial blood vessel and decreases neuronal excitability via Gi lowering cAMP. As an agonist, sumatriptan enhances this physiological effect and constricts cranial blood vessels to prevent the blood vessels from impinging on nociceptive neurons while also decreasing nociception directly at the nociceptive neurons.
730300292	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT1B receptors in the smooth muscle cells of cranial vasculature and also an agonist of 5-HT1D receptors in the presynaptic neurons innvervating cranial vasculars. Normally, serotonin is an agonist of 5-HT1BR, signaling via Galphai, which decreases cAMP concentration and deactivates PKA. MLCK remains active level, and myosin is activated. Therefore it stimulates the contraction of SMC and cranial vasoconstriction. Meanwhile, serotonin is also an agonist of 5-HT1DR in postsynaptic neurons, signaling through Galphai to decrease cAMP concentration, attenuate calcitonin gene related peptide (CGRP) and pro-inflammatory release. Sumatriptan, as an agonist of both 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D, by similar mechanisms, reverse cranial vasodilation and attenuate proinflammatory release, which are charasteristic of migraine.
730302081	Sumatriptan is a reversible agonist of the G-alpha-i coupled GPCRs 5-HT1B/1D. The 5-HT1B receptor is found on arterial smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature. Normally, when it is activated by serotonin, the G-alpha-i protein deactivates phosphokinase A and decreases levels of cAMP in the cell. It allows myosin light chain kinase to activate myosin to promote arterial contraction. 5-HT1D receptors are found on pre-synaptic neurons innvervating cranial blood vessels. When activated by serotonin, these receptors inhibit the release of CGRP and other inflammatory, vasoactive peptides. As an agonist of both 5-HT1B/1D, Sumatriptan causes vasoconstriction of the dilated blood vessels that are triggering nociceptive pain receptors leading to migraine pain. It also enhances the inhibition of the release of pro-inflammatory, vasoactive peptides that can exacerbate migraine pain. Through these actions sumatriptan can effectively treat migraine pain and progression.
730336309	Sumatriptan, generic name Imitrex, is an antimigraine agent. It is a selective agonist of the 5-HT1B receptors in SMC of the cranial vasculature and 5-HT1D receptors on pre-synaptic neurons. The 5-HT1B receptor is coupled to a GPCR, a Gai, and leads to a decrease in cAMP and PKA, while remaining active in MLCK and induces contraction of the SMC. The medication enhances this effect and leads to vasoconstriction and the reduction of trigeminal excitatory signaling. The 5-HT1D receptor leads to a decrease in the CGRP, attenuating the inflammation. Agonizing this receptor decreases inflammation in the CNS, and both actions at the receptors are effective in the treatment of migraines.
730203946	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT(1B) receptors loctaed on the SMC of the cranial vasculature and the 5-HT(1D) receptors located on the pre-synaptic neurons of the cranial vasculature. Normally, serotonin binds to the 5-HT(1B/1D) receptors that are coupled to G-alpha-i, which stimulate a decrease in [cAMP] and deactivation of PKA; MLCK is still activated however, which leads to myosin activation and results in vasoconstriction of the cranial vasculature. By acting as an agonist of the 5-HT(1B/1D) receptors, sumatriptan causes vasoconstriction in the cranial vasculature and attenuates the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines to resolve migraines.
730092448	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT1B/5-HT1D receptors in the SMC of the CNS and neurons of the CNS. Serotonin binds to 5-HT1B which is coupled to Gi and allows a decrease in cyclic AMP, inhibits adenylyl cyclase, and decreases protein kinase A; this leads to downstream signalling that eventually activates the MLCK and causes contraction of SMC in the CNS allowing vasoconstriction of peripheral vasculature. Serotonin also binds to 5-HT1D which is coupled to Gi, this specifically decreases the amount of CGRP that is released which prevents proinflammatory peptides from being released. As sumatriptan acts as an agonist for both 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D, this allows vasoconstriction of peripheral vasculature in the CNS and inhibition of proinflammatory peptides from travelling to the CNS, and inhibits pain perception/nociceptive signalling to relieve migraine symptoms.
730337192	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT1B receptors located on the smooth muscle cells at the cranial vasculature and 5-HT1D receptors located on the pre-synaptic neurons innervating the cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin acts as an agonist to the 5-HT1B receptors, activates Gi, which decreases cAMP and deactivates the PKA; MLCK is activated, causing the smooth muscle cell to contract. Serotonin also acts as an agonist to the 5-HT1D receptors, activates Gi, which decreases cAMP and reduce the release of CGRP. As an agonist to the 5-HT1B/1D receptors, sumatriptan activates those receptors, causing cranial vasoconstriction and as a result, treating acute migraine.
730300464	Sumatriptan (brand name Imitrex) is an agonist of 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D recptors (both are subtypes of serotonin receptors) in the brain. In normal physiology, serotonin binds 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors to increase intracranial vasoconstriction and decrease the inflammatory response respectively. By activating these receptors, sumatriptan decreases migraine symptoms by increasing 5-HT1B driven intracranial blood vessel vasoconstriction and inhibiting the pro-inflammatory response mediated by 5-HT1D receptors.
730300715	Sumatriptan is a 5HT1B/1D agonist. In normal physiology, the 5HT1B receptor is located on the SMCs of the vasculature in the CNS and the 5HT1D receptor is located on presynaptic neurons that synapse on blood vessels in the CNS. Serotonin is the endogenous ligand, and both signal through Gai. 5HT1B receptors deactivate AC and PKA to downregulate cAMP while maintaining the activity of MLCK to cause vasoconstriction of the SMCs in vasculature. 5HT1D leads to an increase in CGRP, which downregulates inflammation. Sumatriptan activates both to reduce pressure and inflammation on the neurons to reduce acute migraine symptoms.
730008212	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5 HT1B receptors localized on smooth muscle cells of cranial vasculature and 5 HT1D receptors localized on presynaptic neurons that innervate cerebral vasculature. Normally, serotonin agonizes 5 HT1B receptors which function through G alpha i to decrease cAMP concentrations and deactivate PKA; however, MLCK remains activated which allows myosin to remain activated and stimulate smooth muscle contraction. Additionally, serotonin agonizes 5 HT1D receptors which function throgh G alpha i to decrease cAMP concentrations and inhibit the release of calcitonin gene related peptide (CGRP), a vasoactive pro-inflammatory peptide. As an agonist of 5 HT1B receptors on smooth muscle cells of cranial vasculature and 5 HT1D receptors on presynaptic neurons, sumatriptin stimulates vasoconstriction of cranial vasculature which relieves the pressure on trigmenial afferent sensory neurons and inhibits the release of CGRP which contributes to the symptoms of acute migraines.
730305176	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is a full agonist of serotonin 5HT-1B receptors found on SMCs of the cranial vasculature as well as 5HT-1D receptors found on presynaptic CNS neurons that innervate cranial vasculature. Normally, serotonin binds to these receptors and signals through Gi to decrease concentrations of cAMP. In the 1B receptor type, this leads to inactivation of PKA, but no change in MLCK. Thus, myosin is activated and leads to smooth muscle contraction. In the 1D receptor type, the decreased cAMP attenuates the release of the vasoactive and pro-inflammatory peptide, calcitonin gene related peptide (CGRP). Thus, sumatriptan induces smooth muscle contraction in order to cause vasoconstriction that reverses the vasodilation associated with migraines, as well as decreases concentrations of CGRP, which is a peptide involved in inflammation. Both of these processes help to reverse the pathophysiology of a migraine headache.
730308947	Sumatriptan is an agent indicated in the treatment of migraines. Sumatriptan is an agonist of three receptors: 5HT1D, 5HT1E, and 5HT1F. Upon binding to the 5HT1D receptor (a GPCR), sumatriptan causes an increase in vasoconstriction in cranial blood vessels by causing the smooth muscle cells to contract. Migraines are thought to be a result of cranial vasodilation which is why sumatriptan&#39;s binding at the 5HT1D receptor is effective in treating migraines. Additionally, sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5HT1E receptor located on neurons in the ascending pathway of pain neurotransmission. Sumatriptan&#39;s activity at this receptor causes attenuation of nociceptive signaling which reduces the pain associated with migraine.
730305017	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5HT1B on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and 5HT1D on neurons of the cranial vasculature. Normally serotonin acts as a ligand to 5HT1B/1D and causes increased Gi activity thereby decreasing cAMP and PKA activity. 5HT1B agonism leads to increased MLCK activity and smooth muscle cell contraction at the cranial vasculature. 5HT1D agonism leads to decreased concentration of CGRP. By acting as a 5HT1B/1D agonist, sumatriptan activates the pathways described above to decrease neuroinnflammation that causes migranes.
730332858	Sumatriptan is an 5HT1B/DF agonist that binds to the 5HT1B receptors in the smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and the 5HT1D receptors in the presynaptic neurons innervating the cranial vasculature. Normally serotonin binds and through Gai signaling decreases cAMP and activates MLCK. This agonists works similiarly to constrict the cranial vasculature at the 5HT1B receptor and mediate neuroinflammatory peptide release at the 5HT1D receptor. This results in relieving migraine pain by reversing trigeminal afferents and controlling inflammation.
730335667	Sumatriptan or Imitrex, is an agonist which targets 5HT1B and 5HT1D and ehances their effects, in order to treat cluster headaches and migraines. Blocking these receptors results in an increase in cranial constriction which helps to alleviate headache and migraines. It is considered an anti-migraine agent and is located on serotonin transporters within the brain.
730000106	Sumatriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist and antimigraine agent. Sumatriptan is an orthosteric agonist of the 5-HT1B/1D receptors which are bound by serotonin in normal physiology. The 5-HT1B receptor is a GPCR coupled to Galpahi located on the smooth muscle of cranial blood vessels. When serotonin binds 5-HT1B in normal physiology, the receptor signals through Galphi in which the activity of adenylate cyclase is reduced leading to a reduction in cAMP levels in the cell. In addition, PKA activity is reduced, and therefore, MLCK activiity is increased. The increase of MLCK activity leads to activitation of myosin and results in cranial vasculature smooth muscle contraction (cranial vasoconstriction). Furthermore, the 5-HT1D receptor is a GPCR coupled to Galphai located on the presynaptic terminal of nerve fibers inervating the smooth muscle of cranial blood vessels. Serotonin binding to 5-HT1D results in an increase in intracellular cAMP, a decrease in PKA activity, and ultimately a reduction in the release of proinflammatory, vasoactive nueropeptides such as CGPR. Sumatriptan also has some activity as an agonist of 5-HT1F which in normal physiology, when bound by serotonin centrally on the presynaptic and postsynaptic terminals of the TCC, in combination with 5-HT1D receptors, results in an alteration in nociception processing. Therefore, since sumatriptan acts as a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist, binding of sumatriptan to its target receptor leads to cranial vasoconstriction, decreased release of proinflammatory neuropeptides, and alteration in nociception signaling to treat the cause and pain associated with migraine.
720543380	Sumatriptan is an orthosteric agonist for serotonin 5-HT1B receptors on smooth muscle vasculature and 5-HT1D on presynaptic neurons around vasculature used for the treatment of migranes. Normally, 5-HT1B is a GCPR couples to G alpha i which when stimulated by serotonin causes a decrease in cAMP and PKA which allows for the MLCK to remain active, thus causing vasoconstriction of cranial vasculature opposed to vasdilation during a migraine. Also, 5-HT1D is a GCPR coupled to G alpha i which again causes decrease in cAMP and PKA which prevents the release of calcium gene related protein and attenuates the nociceptive afferent signalings of crainial nerves caused from vasodilation during a migraine. Sumatriptan is a agonist for 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D meaning it causes vasconstriction and reverse excitation of trigeminal afferent nerves which decrease pain signaling during a migraine attack and can provide relief to the patient.
720498432	sumatriptan is an agonist of serotonin 5HT1B receptors located in the smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and serotonin 5HT1D receptors located on the peripheral neurons innervating the cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin acts as agonists of 5HT1B receptors activating Gai and decreasing CAMP concentration which decreases PKA. MLCK remains active, myosin is activated and cranial vasoconstriction is induced. Serotonin also serves as agonists of 5HT1D (and 5HT1F) receptors activating Gai and decreasing CAMP concetrations. This decreases CGRP (calcitonin gene related peptide) which is a vasoactive and pro-inflammatory peptide. By serving as agonists, sumatriptan activates 5HT1B receptors located on peripheral neurons and 5HT1D receptors on peripheral nerurons innervating the cranial blood vessels which reduced excitation of trigeminal afferents, induces cranial vasoconstriction and decreases proinflammation which is a contributor to acute migraine.
730305293	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an orthosteric, reversible, agonist. Its target is the 5-HT (1B/1D) receptor subtypes. The 5-HT(1B) subtype is found on smooth muscle cells on vasculature in the cranial arteries. The 5-HT(1D) subtype is found on pre-synpatic neurons that innervate cranial arteries. Both receptor subtypes are coupled to Gai and therefore both decrease levels of cAMP, when serotonin is bound. The 5-HT(1B) subtype goes on to deactivate PKA and therefore leave MLCK activated. This then leads to smooth muscle contraction and vasconstriction. The 5-HT(1D) subtype goes on to attentuate the release of calcitonin gene related peptide (CGRP), which is a vasoactive pre-inflammatory peptide. By being an agonist to both of these subtypes of serotonin receptors, sumatriptan relieves symptoms of acute migraine by decreasing inflammation and vasodilation that would impinge on nociceptive neurons in the cranial region, casuing migraine headaches.
730011523	Sumatriptan is an agonist for the 5-HT1B/1D receptor in the central nervous system. Sumatriptan binds to 5-HT1B/1D just as endogenous serotonin would. When these ligands bind to this GPCR it activates Galpha i. By activating Gi a cascade of events leads to the vasoconstriction and smooth muscle contraction. When sumatriptan binds the 5-HT receptor during a migraine it causes intracerebral vasoconstriction and reduces neurogenic inflammation. By soothing these physiologic causes of migraine the pain felt by the patient is eliminated and reduced.
730335668	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5HT1B and 5HT1D receptors with some additional activity at the 5HT1F receptor (all of which are GPCRs that normally receive serotonin). The 5HT1B receptor is located on the smooth muscle cells of vasculature in the brain, and its binding to sumatriptan causes vasoconstriction, reversing the vasodilation that has major causal effects on migraines. 5HT1D and 5HT1F receptors of neuronal cells are also targeted to inhibit the inflammatory response and attenuate nociceptive pain signaling. These effects combined reduce pain and other characteristics associated with migraine and tension headaches.
730003873	Sumatriptan is an agonist of both the 5-HT1B receptor located on SMC of the cranial vasculature, and the 5-HT1D receptor located on pre-synaptic neurons that target the cranial vasculature. In normal physiology, serotonin activates the 5-HT1BR, a GPCR coupled to Galphai. This leads to decreased cAMP, and downstream effects that lead to vasoconstriction of the cranial nerves. Serotonin also activates the 5-HT1DR, another GPCR coupled to Galphai. Activation of this receptor leads to a decrease in neuroinflammation. Activation of both of these receptors leads to increased vasoconstriction of the cranial vasculature to treat migraine.
730338780	Sumatriptan, or Imitrex, is an agonist of 5-HT1B/1D Receptors located in the smooth muscle cranial vasculature and in presynaptic neurons and is used for treatment of migraines. Normally, serotonin binds to 5-HT1B receptor in cranial smooth muscle vasculature, this is a Galpha(i) GPCR which causes a decrease in cAMP and a decrease in PKA activity. However, MLCK remains active and causes vasoconstriction which would alleviate a migraine. Additionally, binding of serotonin to 5-HT1D receptors, another Galpha(i) GPCR located on presynaptic neurons, causes a decrease in cAMP and leads to the release of CGRP, a vasoactive and proinflammatory neuropeptide. Sumatriptan acts as an agonist at these receptors, causing their downstream effects (like vasoconstriction and release of CGRP) which would relieve migraine symptoms.
730309028	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an agonist of 5-HT1B receptors which are located on the neurons of the cranial smooth muscle cells and 5-HT1D receptors which are located on the pres-synaptic neurons in the vasculatrure of the cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin activates 5-HT1B receptors which couple with G-alpha i to decrease cAMP concentration and deactivate PKA. MLCK remains active, and myosin is activated and SMC contraction occurs. Also, serotonin activates 5-HT1D receptors which coupld wiht G-alpha i to decrease cAMP concentration which releases CGRP, a vasoactive and pro-inflammatory peptide. Sumatriptan acts as an agonist of both 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors, therefore it increases cranial vasoconstriction, which aids in the treatment of acute migraines.
730337566	Sumatriptan acts as an agonist of the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors located in the cranial vasculature and presynaptic neurons of the brain, respectively. In normal physiology, serotonin acts to activate the respective GPCRs to initiate G&amp;alpha;i, decreasing cAMP concentrations and activating MLCK, in turn causing constriction of the smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature; the G&amp;alpha;i secondary messenger of 5-HT1D acts to initiate a deinflammatory response within the central nervous system: both actions reduce vasculature diameter. As an agonist of these receptors, sumatriptan initiates the same response as serotonin would and decreases vasculature diameter to stop pressure in the head and treat the symptoms of acute migraine.
730305078	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an agonist of 5HT1B receptors in the smooth muscle cells of cranial vasculature and 5HT1D receptors in presynaptic neurons of cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin binds to 5HT1BR to activate Galphai, decrease cAMP, deactivate PKA, keep MLCK active, and activate myosin/actin for vascular smooth muscle cell contraction. Additionally, serotonin usually binds 5HT1DR to activate Galphai and decrease cAMP to attenuate the release of CGRP, a proinflammatory peptide. As an agonist of these receptors, sumatriptan binds to activate them in order to achieve cranial vasoconstriction for reduced trigeminal signalling and decrease neurogenic inflammation respectively, in order to treat migraine headaches.
730341594	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the serotonin 5-HT(1B/1D) receptors. Serotonin 5-HT(1B) receptor is located on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature whereas serotonin 5-HT(1D) receptor is located on the pre-synaptic nerves that innervate the cranial vasculature. Serotonin is the endogenous agonist of the serotonin 5-HT(1B/1D) receptors. Serotonin 5-HT(1B) receptor is associated with a G-alpha-i protein. Upon activation by serotonin, serotonin 5-HT(1B) receptor causes a decrease in cAMP and PKA. This leaves MLCK levels elevated which activates myosin. Activated myosin stimulates vasoconstriction in the cranial vasculature. Additionally, serotonin 5-HT(1D) receptor is associated with a G-alpha-i protein. Upon activation by serotonin, serotonin 5-HT(1D) receptor causes a decrease in cAMP which leads to a reduction in the production of calcitonin gene-like peptide, a pro-inflammatory protein. Therefore, sumatriptan binds to serotonin 5-HT(1B/1D) receptors in the CNS; and causes vasoconstriction and a reduction in neuroinflammation that would otherwise contribute to migraines.
720433193	The brand name of sumatriptan is Imitrex; it is an anti-migraine agent used to treat acute migraines by agonistically binding to the 5-HT(1B)R and 5-HT(1D)R. Both these serotonin receptor subtypes are GPCRs and use G-alpha-i subunit to decrease cAMP levels, which leads to decreased PKA as well. For the 5-HT(1B)R, the location is at the cranial smooth muscles cells (intracranial blood vessels), while the 5-HT(1D)R is located at the sensory neurons of the trigeminal neurons. Normally when a migraine occurs, there is vasodilation in the cranial smooth muscle cells and neuropeptide release (ex. CGRP). When serotonin (normally) or sumatriptan (which again, is an agonist) binds to the 5-HT(1B)R and 5-HT(1D)R, it causes vasoconstriction of the cranial blood vessels and reduces the inflammation and neuropeptide release associated with the acute migraine, thus providing acute migraine relief. The MLCK remains activated which makes myosin available for this vasoconstriction to occur.
730005239	Sumatriptan is a reversible, orthosteric, agonist of the serotonin 5-HT 1B/1D receptor. These receptors are primarily localized in the CNS on the neurons, and more specifically 5-HT 1B is located on the cranial blood vessel smooth muscle cells. Normally, this receptor is activated by serotonin and is coupled with Gi which decreases cAMP. Activation of the 5-HT 1B receptor leads to increased vasoconstriction of the cranial blood vessels and activation of the 5-HT 1D receptor leads to reduced neurogenic inflammation. Sumatriptan therefore works by acting as an agonist of this 5-HT 1B/1D receptor to further stimulate the vasoconstriction of the cranial blood vessels and to reduce neurogenic inflammation in order to treat acute migraines.
730014075	Sumatriptan acts as an orthosteric agonist of 5-HT1BR located on the SMCs of the cranial vasculature and the 5-HT1DR located on post synaptic neurons innervated within the CNS vasculature. When 5-HT1BR is bound by ligand, it activates Gai, decreases cAMP, and causes vasoconstriction of the cranial vasculature. When 5-HT1DR is bound by ligand, it activated Gai, decreases cAMP, and causes a pro-inflammatory response within the CNS. Sumatriptan both increases vasoconstriction and the pro-inflammatory response relieving pressure on the neurons within the CNS and reducing the symptoms of an acute migraine.
730009068	Sumatriptan (brand name Imitrex) is an orthosteric reversible agonist of the 5-HT1B/1D receptors, which are GPCRs. The 5-HT1B receptor is located on cranial and carotid SMCs, and when activated by serotonin it signals via G-alpha-i to increase cranial vasoconstriction. The 5-HT1D receptor is located on pre-synaptic neurons innervating cranial blood vessels and when activated by serotonin it also signals via G-alpha-i, to attenuate neurogenic inflammation from the pro-inflammatory vasoactive peptide CGRP. When sumatriptan binds 5-HT1B/1D it induces cranial vasoconstriction and attenuation of neurogenic inflammation in the treatment of migraines.
730081905	Sumatriptan is a reversible 5-HT1B/1DR agonist. 5-HT1BRs are GPCRs located on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature. 5-HT1DRs are GPCRs located on CNS neurons. Normally, serotonin activates 5-HT1BRs that signals through Gai to decrease cAMP, deactivate PKA, and activate MLCK, which causes smooth muscle contraction and vasoconstriction. Serotonin also activates 5-HT1DRs that also signal through Gai to decrease cAMP and decrease the release of neuroinflammatory peptides. Acting as an agonist of 5-HT1B/1DR, sumatriptan causes vasoconstriction in the cranial vasculature and decreases the release of neuroinflammatory peptides for the treatment of acute migraines.
730012332	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5HT1B receptor on the smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature. Sumatriptan is also an agonist of 5HT1D receptor on the presynaptic neurons of the cranial vessels. In normal physiology serotonin would bind to 5HT1B receptor on the cranial vasculature and would signal through Galpha I to decrease cAMP and inactivate PKA, the MLCK would remain active and activate myosin to induce vasoconstriction. In normal physiology serotonin would also bind to 5HT1D receptor on the presynaptic neurons of the cranial vessels and this would reduce the nociceptive signaling from the trigeminal afferent so that proinflammatory cytokines are not produced this is signaled through GalpaI and decreases cAMP and inactivates PKA. What needs to occur for these phyioslogical outcomes to be necessarry is a migraine in which there is vasodilation of the cranial arteries and nocicpetive signaling through out the trageminal afferent neuron in the ascending pathway. Sumatriptin will act as an agonist at 5HT1B/1D receptor in order to induce vasoconstriction and reduce the afferent trigeminal sigaling that would result in the production of proinflammatory cytokines resulting in migrain pain.
730351906	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT1B receptors located on SMCs of cranial vasculature and 5-HT1D receptors located on presynaptic neurons innervating cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin acts as an agonist of 5-HT1B receptor which signals through Gai to decrease cAMP production; MLCK is still active which activates myosin and causes vasoconstriction. Serotonin is also an agonist of 5-HT1D receptors which signals through Gai causing the release of CGRP, a pro-inflammatory peptide. As an agonist, sumatriptan increases causes vasoconstriction to decrease excitatory neurons and inflammation.
730012793	Sumatriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist that binds orthosterically to the 5-HT1B receptor located in the smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and the 5-HT 1D/1F receptor located on the neurons of the CNS. Normally, 5-HT binds to the 5-HT1B receptor and activates G-alpha-i. This causes a decrease in cAMP which deactivates APK and increases MLCK. MLCK activates myosin causing smooth muscle contraction. 5-HT also binds to the 5-GT 1D/1F receptor and activates G-alpha-i. This causes a decrease in cAMP which attenuates the level of CGRP, a pro-inflammatory peptide. 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonists bind to these receptors in the same way, causing constriction of the cranial blood vessels and a decrease in pro-inflammatory peptides that are associated with migraines.
720501213	Sumatriptan is a full agonist that binds to the 5-HT 1B/1D receptors, which are G-alpha-i couple receptors. The 5-HT 1B is located on the smooth muscle cells of the crainal nerves and the 5-HT 1D receptors are located on the post-synaptic crainal nerves. In the normal physiology, serotonin binds to the 5-HT 1B/1D receptors, which cause A reduction in cAMP signaling. The 5-HT 1B specifically, leads to vasoconstriction due to the increase of MLCK in the crainal nerves. Additionally, the 5-HT 1D activates the calcitonin gene related peptide (CGRP), which leads to a reduction in in vasoactivities and reduced inflammatory responses to the CNS. Therapuetically, sumatriptan acts as a full agonist, which activates the 5-HT 1B/1D receptors, thus, leading to a decrease in the inflammatory response To the crainal nerves and enhancing vasoconstriction of the crainal nerves, thus, leading to is effects of an anti-migraine agent.
730339832	Sumatriptan is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the 5-HT1B/1D receptors located on the smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and in CNS neurons. Under normal physiological circumstances, serotonin binds these receptor subtypes and activates the canonical Gi pathway to decrease intracellular cAMP and PKA activity. In the vascular SMCs, this prevents MLCK deactivation, leading to vasoconstriction of cranial arteries. In the CNS, this attenuates the release of pro-inflammatory, vasoactive neuropeptide CGRP and also blocks nociceptive signaling from the ascending pathway. Therefore, in accordance with the neurovascular hypothesis of migraine headaches, by acting selectively on these receptor subtypes sumatriptan reverses the cranial vasodilation and inflammatory peptide release that lead to the symptoms of a migraine.
730300837	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an agonist of the 5-HT1B receptor located on smooth muslce cells of cranial arteries and the 5-HT1D receptor located on presynaptic neurons that innervate cranial vasculature. In normal physiology, serotonin binds these receptors, which are both GPCRs coupled to Gi. Gi activation results in inhibtion of adenylyl cyclase, decreased cAMP, and decreased activation of PKA. In smooth muscle cells with the 5-HT1B receptor, decreased PKA results in maintained activation of MLCK, resulting in smooth muscle contraction and vasoconstriction. In presynaptic neurons with the 5-HT1D receptor, decreased PKA results in decreased release of pro-inflammatory neuropeptides, specifically calcitonin gene related peptide. By sumatriptan acting as an agonist at 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors, it causes vasoconstriction and decreased release of pro-inflammatory neuropeptides, reducing neuroinflammation and excitation of trigeminal afferents caused by vasodilation that is hallmark of migraines.
730169512	Sumatriptan is a competitive agonist of the 5-HT 1 B/D receptor. Normally, serotnin binds to the 5-HT1B receptor, which is found on the smooth muscle of the cranial vasculature. When serotnin binds it leads to this receptor, which is a GCRP, it leads to the activation of gai, which leads to decrease in cAMP and eventually leads to smooth muscle contraction. When serotnin binds to the 5-HT1D, which is found on the ppst synaptic cranial neurons, that leads to not allowing calcim from entering the cell, and leads to less stiumaltion of the neuron. Sumatriptan does the same thing as serotnin, it increases vasconstriction of the smooth muscles, which is used to treat the effect of the trigeminal afferent neruons, which leads to helping with migraines.
730004785	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an antimigraine agent and agonist of the 5-HT1B receptor located on SMC&#39;s of cranial vasculature and 5-HT1D receptors located on presynaptic neurons in the CNS. Normally 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D are coupled to G alpha i and lead to a decrease in cAMP. When the receptors are agonized, this stimulation continues and the reduces the vasconstriction in order to provide migraine relief.
730338642	Sumatriptan, or Imitrex, is a agonist of 5-HT1B/1D receptors located on the post synaptic cleft in the CNS. Normally, serotonin acts as an agonist of 5-HT1B to activate G alpha i which decreases cAMP concentrations and deactivates PKA. With this, the MLCK is still activated as well as myosin to cause SMC contraction within the neuronal vasculature. Serotonin is also an agonist of 5-HT1D which activates the G alpha i subunit to decrease cAMP levels and attenuate cGRP which is a neuroinflammatory peptide. As an agonist, sumatriptan works in a similar fashion to induce vasoconstriction and to decrease neurotransmission excitability of trigemenal afferents, which contribute to the neuroinflammation that causes migraine headaches. Hence, sumatriptan is indicated for the treatment of headache disorders like migraine.
730305018	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is a full agonist of 5HT1B receptors which are found in smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and 5HT1D receptors which are found in the pre-synaptic neurons innervating the cranial blood vessels. Serotonin is the endogenous ligand and binding to the 5HT1B receptor which is a GPCR bound to Gi leads to decreased cAMP levels and inactivation of PKA. MLCK is still active and myosin activation leads to smooth muscle cell contraction to stimulate vasoconstriction in the brain. Serotonin binding to the 5HT1D receptor leads to decreased cAMP levels and attenuates release of calcitonin gene related peptide which is a vasoactive pro-inflammatory peptide. Sumatriptan binding mimics these effects and reverses the excitation of trigeminal afferent neurons and neuroinflammation that contribute to migraine headaches.
730308957	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors, located on cranial vasculature smooth muscle cells and pre-synaptic neurons, respectively. Normally, 5-HT1B/1D act through Gai to decrease cAMP and PKA levels, where CGPR (a vasoactive and pro-inflammatory peptide) is inhibited. MLCK levels stay active and stimulate vasoconstriction of cranial vasculature. Sumatriptan activates 5-HT1B/1D to stimulate vasoconstriction and attenuate neuronal inflammation that is characteristic of migraine headaches.
730300665	Imitrex (Sumatriptan) is an agonist of the 5-HT1B/D receptors located on the smooth muscle cellls of cranial arteries. It is used to treat migraines which result from the vasodilation of cranial arteries (usually due to nitric oxide) and the release of neuroinflammatory proteins. This causes an individiual to perceive pain due to nociceptive signaling. Sumatriptan binds to the 5-HT1B/D receptors to stimulate cranial vasoconstriction and attenuate the release of neuroinflammatory proteins. It also has some activity at the 5-HT1F receptor which works by attenuating nociceptive pain signaling. Therefore, this drug agent has therapeutic activities that provide patients with relief from migraines.
730090428	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is a 5HT1B/1D agonist. The target is 5HT1B in the smooth muscle cranial vasculature and 5HT1D in the peripheral and central neurons. In normal physiology, serotonin binds to 5HT1B&#39;s GPCR with G-alpha-i to decrease cAMP, decrease PKA, increase MLCK, activate TK, and stimulate smooth muscle contraction of the cranial vasculature. Serotonin also binds to 5HT1D&#39;s GPCR with G-alpha-i to decrease cAMP and decrease CGRP, which is a vasoactive, pro-inflammatory cytokine. Sumatriptan mimics the structure of serotonin to bind to 5HT1B with G-alpha-i to cause vasoconstriction of the smooth muscle of the cranial vasculature to stop the vasodilation associated with migraines. It also binds to 5HT1D with G-alpha-i to decrease the CGRP pro-inflammatory cytokines associated with migraines. It also binds to 5HT1F to attenuate the pain signaling assoicated with migraines.
730356527	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an agonist of the 5-HT(1B)R found on smooth muscle cells in the cranial vasculature as well as 5-HT(1D)R found on presynaptic neurons of the CNS that innervate the cranial vasculature. In normal physiology, serotonin binds to 5-HT(1B)R, which is a GPCR coupled to G-alpha-i, which decreases cAMP and CDK; MLCK remains activated and stimulates myosin to cause contraction of the intracranial smooth muscle cells to cause vasoconstriction. Serotonin also binds to 5-HT(1D)R, which is also a GPCR coupled to G-alpha-i, decreases cAMP, and stimulates CGRP, a neuropeptide that stimulates proinflammatory response in intracranial blood vessels and transmission of nocciceptive signaling. Sumatriptan mimics the action of serotonin, which leads to vasoconstriction of intracranial vasculature, decrease of the proinflammatory response, and decrease of nocciceptive signaling associated with migraines.
730013843	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the of the 5-HT1B receptors on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and of the 5-HT1D receptors on ascending neurons to the cranial vasculature. Normally, 5-HT binds to the 5-HT1B receptors on the smooth muscle cells and signals through Galphai, causing a lower concentration of cAMP and inactivation of PKA, leaving MLCK active, which enables smooth muscle contraction and vasoconstriction of the cranial vasculature, while also binding to the 5-HT1D receptors on ascending neurons, signaling though Galphai, causing a lower concentration of cAMP, and resulting lower neuroinflammation caused by CGRP vasoactive peptide. Acting as an agonist, sumatriptan acting at 5-HT1B receptors normalize the vasoconstriction of the cranial vasculature by increasing smooth muscle cell contraction of the cranial vasculature, and sumatriptan acting at 5-HT1D results in lower neuroinflammation caused by CGRP vasoactive peptide, resulting in lower symptoms of migraines.
730094799	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5HT-1A found on CNS blood vessel SMCs and 5HT-1D found on CNS neurons. Normally, activation of 5HT-1A/1D by seratonin leads to dissociation of Gai, decreased levels of cAMP, activation of PKC, and active MLCK-myosin which constricts blood vessels in the brain and leads to activation of inflammatory neuropeptides. As an agonist of 5HT-1A/D, sumatriptan also promotes vasoconstriction and downregulation of inflammatory neuropeptides that are key factors in migraine pathophysiology.
730340514	Sumatriptan is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of 5-HT(1B) receptors on cranial vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs) and 5-HT(1D) receptors on presynaptic neurons innervating cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin acts as an agonist of 5-HT(1B) receptors, which signals through Gai to decrease intracellular [cAMP] and deactivate PKA; MLCK remains active and activates myosin to stimulate the contraction of the cranial vascular smooth muscle cells. Serotonin also acts as an agonist of 5-HT(1D), which signals through Gai to decrease intracellular [cAMP] and attenuate the release of calcitonin gene related peptide (CGRP), a vasoactive and neuroinflammatory peptide. As an agonist, sumatriptin also activates these receptors to stimulate vasoconstriction and reverse the excitation of the trigeminal nerve (due to vasodilation), as well as reverse neuroinflammation (through the inhibition of of CGRP release), both of which contribute to migraine headaches. Sumatriptan also acts as an agonist of the 5-HT(1F) receptors to attenuate nociceptive signaling in the TCC.
730004256	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT 1B/1D receptor. The 5-HT 1B receptor is located on smooth muscles of the cranial vasculature and the 5-HT 1D receptor is located on presynaptic neurons of the cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin binds to the 5-HT1B receptor activating Gi decreaseing cAMP and deactivating PKA. MLCK remains active and allows for myosin and actin to cross link and produce smooth muscle contraction and vasoconstriction of the cranial vasculature. In addition, serotonin normally binds to the 5-HT1D receptor activating Gi decreaseing cAMP and deactivating PKA which results in inhibition of the release of proinflammatory neuropeptides such as Calcitonin G Related Peptide. Sumatriptan enhances serotonins effects by binding to the 5-HT1B/1D receptor resulting in vasoconstriction of the cranial vasculature and inhibition of proinflammatory neuropeptides to treat for acute migraines.
720158983	Sumatriptan is an agonist of intracranial 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors. These receptors are coupled to G-alpha-i which is normally activated with serotonin binding. Activation of the 5-HT1B receptor on smooth muscle cells of the intracranial vasculature leads to decreased cAMP and continued activation of MLCK, myosin, and thus muscle contraction. Activation of the 5-HT1D receptor on intracranial neurons reduces the release of pro-inflammatory peptides and attenuates pain signaling. In patients with migraine headaches, the vasoconstriction of intracranial vessels and attenuated pain signals due to sumatriptan provides relief of symptoms.
730364730	Sumatriptan is an antimigraine agent and 5HT 1B/1D agonist that binds to 5HT 1B receptors (found in SMCs of cranial vasculature) and 5HT 1D receptors (found on postsynaptic neurons in CNS). Normally, serotonin will bind to these receptors and will activate the G alpha i pathway. When serotonin binds to 5HT 1B, it will activate G alpha i, which will decrease cAMP concentrations, deactive PKA, MLCK will still be activated, which will activate myosin, and this will leads to cranial smooth muscle contraction. When serotonin binds to 5HT 1D, it will activate the G alpha i pathway, decrease cAMP concentrations, and this will in turn inhibit the release of CGRP, a vasoactive agent and proinflammtory peptide. Sumatriptan will act in the same way, and will increase cranial vasoconstriction to reduce the excitation of trigeminal afferents and neuroinflammation to the head and reduce migraine pain.
730304969	Sumatriptan is a serotonin 5-HT 1B/1D receptor agonist used to treat migranes. It acts as an agonist of 5-HT 1B receptors on cranial arteries in the CNS in order to cause vasoconstriction that in turn decreases migranes. Sumatriptan also acts as an agonist at 5-HT 1D/1F receptors on pre synaptic neurons in the CNS that innervate cranial blood vessels. This prevents pre synpatic neurons from releasing pro-inflammatory neuropeptides. These neuropeptides are one cause of migranes so by preventing their release, sumatriptan can decrease migranes. Overall, sumatriptan binding to 5-HT 1B/1D/1F in both pre and post synpatic neurons in the CNS will attenuate nociceptive signaling and will therefore decrease the intenisty of migranes.
730338011	Sumatriptan is a selective 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist that binds to its receptor in CNS neurons and cranial blood vessel smooth muscle cells and is indicated for the treatment of migraines. In normal physiology, serotonin binds to the 5-HT1B/1D receptors and promotes smooth muscle cell contraction and vasoconstriction, in addition to decreasing release of proinflammatory neuropeptides. Sumatriptan is an agonist, so it binds to the 5-HT1B/1D receptors and reduces the vasodilation of cranial blood vesselesand inflammation associated with migraines. Promoting vasoconstriction and reducing proinflammatory neuropeptide release attenuates nociceptive processing and relieves migraine pain.
730364567	Sumatriptan is an anti-migraine agent and is an agonist of the 5-HT-1B and 5-HT-1D Receptors in the CNS. Normally, 5-HT-1B and 5-HT-1D receptors work to attenuate the nociceptive pathway, however migraines result in a continued state of excitation which results in a state of hypersensitivity and pain which cannot be relieved by normal levels of serotonin. Sumatriptan works by binding to 5-HT-1B, which results in vasoconstriction of the intracranial arteries that were dilated as a result of the disruption of the balance in the brainstem. It also binds to 5-HT-1D, which results in blocking the release of neurogenic inflammatory peptides. As a result, sumatriptan decreases neurogenic inflammation and relieves migraines.
730305085	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT(1B) receptors located on SMCs in cranial vasculature and an agonist of 5-HT(1D/1F) receptors located on pre-synaptic neurons of cranial vessels in the CNS. Normally 5-HT(1B) receptors are activated by serotonin, and they are coupled to Galpha-i. They decrease cellular levels of cAMP and deactivate APK. MLK remains active and myosin contracts resulting in vasoconstriction. In addition, 5-HT(1D/1F) is also normally activated by serotonin and is also coupled to Galpha-i, however its downstream effects are attenuation of activity of the calcitonin gene peptide (CGSP), which is a vasoactive peptide involved in inflammation. As an agonist, sumatriptan also activates these receptors, resulting in vasoconstriction of cranial nerves and reduced inflammation that are involved in migraine pathophysiology due to afferent vagus nerve signaling.
730301186	Sumatriptan is a 5-HT(1B/1D) receptor agonist. The receptors are found in the CNS, specifically on cranial smooth muscle cells. In normal physiology, ligand binding to the receptor activates Galphai to decrease cAMP. This decativates PKA and activated troponin C. The result is MLCK activation and vasoconstriction. There is also a decrease in pro-inflammatory secretions. Sumatriptan cause cranial vasoconstriction and a decrease of pro-inflammatory secretions to treat symptoms of migraine.
730345314	Sumatriptan also known as Imitrex is an agonist of the 5-HT1B Receptor located on the smooth muscle cells of the intracranial vasculature. It is also an agonist of the 5-HT1D receptors on the presynaptic neurons of the CNS. Normally, serotonin binds to the 5-HT1B receptors in order to induce G-alpha-i which decreases cAMP and deactivates PKA. The deactivated PKA maintains MLCK active and induces vasoconstriction of the vessels to reduce migrain symptoms. Serotonin also binds to the 5-HT1D receptor to reduce the secretion of a vasoactive peptide. Sumatriptan as an agonist induces all of these effects in order to relieve migraine symtptoms.
730306008	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT1B/1D receptors. 5-HT1B is located on smooth muscle cells of cranial bllod vasculature. 5-HT1D is located on presynaptic neurons on cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin binds to the 1B receptor to activate Gai, which decreases cAMP concentration and deactivates PKA. MLCK is still active and activates myosin and causes contraction. 5-HT1D is also activated by serotonin to activate Gai, decrease cAMP, and decrease activationg of CMRP. As an agonist, sumatriptan causes cranial vasoconstriction and decrease the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines to relieve symptoms of migraine.
730170040	Sumatriptan is a full agonist of 5-HT1B/D/F receptors in the cranial smooth vasculature and cranial blood vessels. These receptors are normally activated by serotonin to lead to Gai activation, which further leads to lower levels of cAMP, PKA, AC, and further activates MLCK and myosin to stimulate smooth muscle contraction. Sumatriptan works to bind to the 5-HT1B receptors to activate smooth muscle contraction in the cranial vasculature and also binds to 5-HT1D/F receptors to decrease the release of pro-inflammatory peptides such as CGRP and works to attenuate pain nociception signaling.
730335117	Sumatriptan is a selective agonsit of 5-HT1B/1D receptor on cranium. Normally serotonin binds to it, activate Gai, cause vasoconstriction in cranial arteries hus relieve migraine. As an agonist of 5-HT1B, sumatriptan activates Gai to deactivate AC and decrease cAMP, thus deactivates PKA to activates MLCK and myosin, which leads to cranial vasoconstirction to relieve migraine. Sumatriptan also binds to 5-HT1D/1F receptor, activates Gai to deactivate AC and decrease cAMP, and thus attenuate CGRP, which is a vasoactive and pro-inflammatory factor.
730075914	Sumatriptan is a reversible agonist of the 5-HT(1B/1D/1F) receptor. 5-HT(1B) is found on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and 5HT(1D/1F) are found on presynaptic neurons in the CNS. The receptor is normally stimulated by 5-HT where it signals through G alpha(i) leading to a decrease in cAMP and deactivation of PKA. MLCK remains active which ultimately leads to vasoconstriction. At the 5-HT(1D) receptor, CGPR (vasoactive peptide) is inhibited to also help with vasoconstriction. By stimulating the receptors, sumatriptan helps to cause vasoconstriction within the cranial vasculature to help in the treatment of migraines which are caused from too many afferent nerve signals.
730300294	The active ingredient of Imitrex is sumatriptan. Sumatriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist in the cranial vasculature that is used to treat migraines. Normally, serotonin binds to 5-HT1B in the cranial vasculature and activates a cascade through Gi which decreases adenylyl cyclase and decreases concentrations of cAMP which deactivates PKA. This leads to smooth muscle cell contraction which reduces symptoms associated with migraines. Additionally, it binds to 5-HT1D which also acts through Gi. This leads to attenuation of the release of calmodulin gene related peptide (CGRP) which is a proinflammatory cytokine. By stimulating smooth muscle cell contraction and inhibiting the release of CGRP, sumatriptan is able to treat migraine headaches.
730296888	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT1B receptors located on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and 5-HT1D receptors located on presynaptic neurons that innervate cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin acts as an agonist at 5-HT1B receptors, which signal through Gai to decrease [cAMP] and deactivate PKA; MLCK remains active and myosin is activated to induce cranial smooth muscle cell contraction. Serotonin also acts as an agonist at 5-HT1D receptors, which also signal through Gai to decrease [cAMP] and attenuate the release of CGRP, a vasoactive and pro-inflammatory peptide. Because sumatriptan acts as an agonist at both 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors, it induces cranial vasoconstriction to reverse the excitation of trigeminal afferents and neuroinflammation associated with migranes.
730222792	Sumatriptan is a 5HT[1B/1D] receptor agonist that targets 5HT1B/1Dreceptors found on cranial vascular smooth muscles and neurons. Normally sertonin binds to the 5HT[1B/1D] receptors activating G alpha i proteins which causes a decrease in cAMP which inturns activate MLCK to cause muscle contraction and the release of CGF . When sumatriptan binds to the serontin 5HT[1B/1D] receptors in cause smooth muscle contractions and the release of inflamatory peptides which alleviates cranium inflammation and swelling.
730014819	Sumatriptan is a 5HT1B and 1D receptor agonist. 5HT1B is located on smooth muscle cells of cranial vasculature and 1D is located on presynaptic neurons innervating cranial blood vessels, and they are both GPCRs coupled to G alpha i. Normally, serotonin activates 5HT1B to decrease cAMP and inactivate PKA to keep MLCK active which actives myosin and causes SMC contraction and 5HT1D to inhibit the release of proinflammatory neuropeptide CGRP. By activating 5HT1B and 1D receptors, sumatriptan causes cranial vasoconstriction to reverse excitation of trigeminal afferents and reduce neuronal inflammation in the treatment of acute migraine.
730000406	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an agonist of 5-HT1B/1D receptors. 5-HT1B receptors are located in the cranial vasculature and 5-T1D receptors are located on presynaptic neurons that innervate cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin binds to 5-HT1B receptors and signals through Gai to decrease cAMP and inactivate PKA. MLCK remains active, which activates myosin and causes vasoconstriction. Serotonin also binds to 5-HT1D receptors and signals through Gai to decrease cAMP and inhibit the release of CGRP, which is a pro-inflammatory peptide. As an agonist, sumatriptan mimics the action of serotonin to cause vasoconstriction and decrease inflammation associated with migraines.
730336626	Sumatriptan, or Imitrex, is a agonist of the 5-HT 1B/1D rececptor on neurons in the CNS. In normal physiology decreased 5-HT 1B/1D receptor activation leads to inflammatory responses in the brain, leading to migraine development. The 5-HT 1B/D Receptor is also responsible for the nociceptive signalling that is hallmark of a migraine headache. Use of a sumatriptan agonist stimulates the 5-HT 1B/1D Receptor, which is coupled to the GPCR Gai subunit. Stimulation of the Gai subunit allows for decreased levels of cAMP, this pathway leads to contraction of the vascular smooth muscle cells found in the CNS , as well as attenuation of nociceptive signalling.
730163464	Sumatriptan (BN: Irimitex) is a reversible, orthosteric 5-HT1B/1DR agonist. It works by activating 5-HT1B receptors on SMCs in cranial vasculature to promote vasoconstriction, and activating 5-HT1D receptors in cranial vasculature to promote an inflammatory response which helps abort the progression of migraines.
730309616	Sumatriptan is a reversible agonist of the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors. These receptors are found on neurons in the CNS and periphery. In the CNS, 5-HT1B/1D receptors couple to Gi to cause smooth muscle contraction. When sumatriptan binds to 5-HT1B/1D receptors, smooth muscle contraction occurs and causes vasoconstriction, which alleviates migraines.
730004713	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is a reversible competitive agonist of the 5-HT1B receptor on cranial smooth muscle cells and the 5-HT1D receptor on neurons. In normal physiology, the 5-HT1B receptor is bound by serotonin to increase vasoconstriction of cranial smooth muscle. Upon being bound by serotonin, there is activation of the the 5-HT1B receptor (a GPCR coupled to G alpha i) is activated, which causes MLCK activation and leads to vasoconstriction of cranial smooth muscle. When the 5-HT1D receptor (a GPCR coupled to G alpha q) is bound by serotonin, there is a decrease in the release of neuroinflammatory peptides, which reduces inflammatory in the brain. As an agonist of 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors, when sumatriptan binds to these receptors, it activates the receptors, causing increased vasoconstriction of cranial SMC and decreased release of neuroinflammatory peptides. The treatment of acute migraine results from the fact that increased vasoconstriction of cranial SMC reduces pressure on nociceptive neurons in the brain and decreased release of neuroinflammatory peptides reduces cranial inflammation.
730324249	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is a 5HT1B/1D receptor agonist which targets the 5HT-1B receptor in smooth muscle cells of the carotid and cranium as well as 5HT-1D receptors in presynaptic neurons that inervate blood vessels in the CNS. Normally, 5HT-1B recptors are activated by serotonin which activates the GPCR to signal through G alpha i. This decreases cyclic AMP levels and deactivates PKA which allows MLCK to remain active causing myosin to contract which leads to smooth muscle contraction and vasoconstriction. 5HT-1D receptors are also normally activated by serotonin which allows them to signal through G alpha i and decrease cAMP which attenuates signaling through CGRP to stop the proinflammatory response that results in migraines. By acting as an agonist of the 5HT1B/1D receptors, sumatriptan causes vasoconstriction and attenuation of the inflammatory response to treat acute migraines.
730305081	Sumatriptan is an agonist of both 5-HT1B/1D receptors. These receptors are located in the vascular smooth muscle cells of the cranium (5-HT1BR) and on post-synaptic neurons in the CNS (5-HT1DR). Normally, serotonin is an agonist of these receptors, and for 5-HT1B, it activates G-alpha-i, decreases concentrations of cAMP, deactivates PKA, activates MLCK, activates myosin, and thus causes vasoconstriction of smooth muscle cells. Serotonin is also an agonist of the 5-HT1D receptors, acting through G-alpha-i to decrease the action of a CNS proinflammatory peptide. As an agonist of these receptors, sumatriptan acts much like serotonin, and causes both vasoconstriction of cranial smooth muscle cells and attenuation of cranial inflammation, thereby treating acute migraines.
730338500	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5HT1B/1D Receptor located in the cranial SMC vasculature and neurons that regulate proinflammatory response. Normally, serotonin binds to the 5HT1B/1D Receptor which is a GPCR coupled to Gai causing a decrease in concentrations of adenyl cyclase and cAMP. Because PKA can no longer be activated, MLCP is diminished and MLCK is more dominant, activating myosin and causing vasoconstriction of those SMCs in the cranium. Migraines cause a disregulation in the brain stem causing vasodilation to iccur in the blood vessels. Sumatriptan acts as an agonist to cause vasoconstriction of the cranial SMCs and inhibition of proinflammatory signals, providing relief from the migraine.
730013201	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT1B,1D receptors. 5-HT1B receptors are located on SMCs of cranial vasculature, and 5-HT1D are located on presynaptic neurons in cranial nerves. Normally, serotonin binds to and activates the receptors, which are coupled to Gai. Activated Gai leads to a decrease in [cAMP]. In SMCs, decrease in [cAMP] still increases MLCK, which activates myosin to stimulate SMC contraction. In neurons, decrease in [cAMP] attenuates the release of calcitonin gene related peptide (CGRP) and pro-inflammatory peptides. By acting as an agonist, sumatriptan stimulates cranial vasculature contraction and inhibit the release of inflammatory peptides, thereby treating the symptoms of migraine.
720517743	Sumatriptan is an othosteric agonist of the 5-HT1B/1D receptor. Sumatriptan targets 5-HT1B/1D receptors in the CNS; specifically smooth muscle cells on cranial vasculature. The 5-HT1B/1D receptor normally acts through a GPCR signaling pathway; 5-HT1B/1D couples to Gai, causing a decrease in adenylyl cyclase acitivity, lowering cAMP production, alleviating the inhibition of myosin light chain kinase, ultimately resulting in the contraction of smooth muscle cells in cranial vasculature - vasoconstriction. Sumatriptan enhances the effects of this pathway and also inhibits the expression of neuropathic pain signals.
730341519	Sumatriptan is a competitive, reversible 5HT1b/d receptor agonist. The 5HT1b/d receptors are GPCRs found in both the CNS and periphery, but its role in the TCC of the CNS is what is targeted by sumatriptan. Normally, the neurons of the TCC send excitatory signals to other parts of the brain. When sumatriptan binds the 5HT1b/d receptors of the TCC neurons, it leads to vasoconstriction aids in treating migraine symptoms. It also has off target affects that attenuate nociceptive signalling.
730349484	Sumatriptin is an agonist of the 5-HT1B/1D receptor found on neurons in the CNS and on smooth muscle. By binding to this receptor it activates Gi, decreasing cAMP, activating MLCK, and ultimately causing vasoconstriction of intracranial vasculature. This leads to the termination of migraines and pro-inflammatory responses. Normally serotonin would bind to these receptors and cause the same cascade of events to happen.
730300545	Sumatriptan is a selective agonist of 5HT1B, located on smooth muscle cells, and 5HT1D, located on neurons. By activating 5HT1B and 5HT1D, sumatriptan binds to Galphai which activates MLCK, decreases cAMP concentration, stimulates smooth muscle cell contraction. Sumatriptan deactivates pro inflammatory peptides and attenuates nociceptive signaling of the ascending pathway. Sumatriptan is used to treat migraines and is categorized as a type of analgesic.
730304972	The API of sumatriptan is Imitrex. Sumatriptan is a 5-HT1B/D receptor agonist. 5-HT1BR are found on the smooth muscle vasculature of the brain and 5-HT1DR are found of the presynaptic neurons that innervate arterial blood vessels. Normally, 5-HT1BR is activated by binding of 5-HT to the receptor that is coupled to G alpha i and causes deactivation of PKA by decreasing cAMP levels. This decrease in cAMP causes deactivation of MLCP but activation of MLCK that further causes SMC contraction. On the other hand, binding of 5-HT to the 5-HT1DR is coupled to G alpha i and causes decreased cAMP levels to cause the release of CGPR (a vasoactive peptide). Sumatriptan binds to the 5-HT1BR and 5-HT1DR to cause further activation of MLCK to increase the amount of SMC contraction and attenuates the release of CGPR. Sumatriptan is used to treat acute migraines by counteracting the excessive dilation that is symptomatic of migraines. Overall, sumatriptan works by increasing cranial vasoconstriction for the treatment of acute migraines.
730304973	Sumatriptan is a reversible, selective, agonist of 5-HT1B/1D receptors. The drugs target is 5-HT1B/1D receptors in the SMC for cranial vasculature and CNS neurons. In normal physiology Gai decreases cAMP, which decreases PKA, which inactivates MLCP. MLCK stays on and active causing smooth muscle contraction. Sumatriptan works to increase vasocontriction of the cranial vasculture and to decrease the proinflammatory neurogenic signals.
730012843	Sumatriptan is an reversible, competitive agonist of the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors on smooth muscle cells and neurons, respectively. Normally, when activated, 5-HT1B receptors are coupled to G-alpha-i, which decreases cAMP. This leads to deactivation of PKA and activation of MLCK and myosin and results in smooth muscle contraction. When 5-HT1D receptors are activated, they are also coupled to G-alpha-i, which decreases cAMP. However, after the decrease of cAMP through activation of the 5-HT1D receptor, calcitonin gene related peptide (CGRP) is released, and CGRP is vasoactive and pro-inflammatory. Sumatriptan agonizes the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors, causing vasoconstriction and neuroinflammation to treat migraine headaches.
730324303	1) sumatriptan is an 5HT-1B/1D GPCR receptor agonist 2) the drug&#39;s target is 5HT-1B located on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and 5HT-1D receptors located on CNS neurons 3) in normal physiology, 5HT-1B receptor is bound by endogenous serotonin which stimulates the Gi pathway, decreasing expression of cAMP, and leaves MLCK activated. MLCK stimulates the binding of myosin and causes smooth muscle contraction in cranial vasculature, which results in CNS blood vessel vasoconstriction. 5HT-1D receptor is bound by endogenous serotonin which also stimulates the Gi pathway, decreasing expression of cAMP, and inhibits the production of proinflammatory calcitonin peptide. 4) sumatriptan acts as agonist to these two receptors and causes the same effect as serotonin, resulting reduction of migraine.
720451649	Sumatriptan is a competitive, reversible agonist of 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors. These receptors are located in the CNS smooth muscle cells and neurons. The receptors are GPCRs coupled with G-alpha-i, thus normal activation results in decreased [cAMP] but MLCK is still activated to result in vasoconstriction. Normally, binding of 5-HT1B leads to smooth muscle cells contraction which leads to cranial vasoconstriction. Binding of 5-HT1D inhibits pro-inflammatory peptides. Sumatriptan can also bind to 5-HT1F receptor as an agonist and normal activation of 5-HT1F attenuates nociceptive signaling of ascending pathways. Thus the binding of sumatriptan on 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors reduces cranial vasodilation, reduces pro-inflammatory responses, and attenuates pain signaling to treat migraines.
730304974	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT(1B/1D) receptor located on cranial smooth muscle cells and pre-synaptic neurons in the cranial nerves. Normally, 5HT(1B/1D) binds to this receptor, causing Gi signaling, which attenuates CGRP pro-inflammatory processes. As a result, vasoconstriction occurs. Sumatriptan also causes vasoconstriction, which is important in treating migraines.
730020056	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT1(B,D) receptors found on smooth muscle cells of the cereberal vasculature and on neurons in the CNS. In normal physiology, 5-HT1B is a GPCR coupled to G-alpha-i that, when activated causes a decrease in cAMP and MLCK remains activated. This kinase is able to activate myosin and cause vasoconstriction of cerebral vasculature. 5-HT1D is also a GPCR coupled to G-alpha-i, but its downstream effects of decreasing cAMP reduce inflammation in the CNS. By acting as an agonist of 5-HT1(B,D), sumatriptan activates these GPCR&#39;s to to cause vasoconstrictuon of cerebral vasculature and modulate blood flow as well as reduce inflammation to help alleviate a migraine.
720541446	N/A
730014494	Sumatriptan is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the 5-HT 1B receptors located on smooth muscle cells of cranial arteries and 5-HT 1D receptors located on central nervous system neurons. In normal physiology, serotonin binds to these G-alpha-I coupled GPCRs and causes vasoconstriction and decreases nociceptive nerve signaling in the ascending pathway. Sumatriptan acts as an agonist that binds to these 5-HT 1B/1D receptors to cause vasoconstriction which reduces the vasodilation in the cranial arteries associated with migraines as well as decreases the nocieptive signaling associated with migraine pain.
730305979	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT1B/1D located on neurons. Normally, 5-HT1B/1D receptors signal through G-alpha-I to decrease concentrations of cAMP. This inactivates PKA. MLCK are activated, causing myosin to interact with actin, and resulting in vasoconstriction. Sumatriptan deactivates the proinflammatory responses that would normally result in migraines. It increases cranial vasoconstriction in the treatment of migraines.
720401318	1. agonist 2. 5HT 1b receptor on SMC of cranial vasculature and 5HT 1d receptor on presynaptic neuron surrounding blood vessels 3. When serotonin binds to 5HT1b, G alpha i is stimulated to decrease cAMP and decrease PKA to activate MLCK to activate myosin to stimulate muscles to contract. When serotonin binds to 5HT 1d, this attenuates calcitonin gene related peptide, which is a proinflammatory peptide. 4. As an agonist, sumatriptan reverses trigonemal afferent effects by smooth muscle contraction and reduces CGPR to reverse the symptoms of migraine
730344044	Sumatriptan is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of 5-HT1B receptors on the cerebral smooth muscle cells and 5-HT1D receptors on neurons in the CNS. Normally, 5-HT1B is bound by serotonin and activates the G-alpha-i subunit to causes increases of IP3/DAG, that promotes a cascade that signals for the activation of MLCK, which causes smooth muscle contraction of the cerebral vasculature and 5-HT1D is bound by serotonin to also activate the G-alpha-i subunit, which increases IP3/DAG levels and inhibits the release of pro-inflammatory peptides (e.g. calcitonin gene related peptide, CGRP). By acting as an agonist of 5-HT1B/1D receptors, sumatriptan causes vasoconstriction of cerebral arteries and inhibits the release of pro-inflammatory peptides which help treat the factors associated with acute migraine.
730342829	Sumatriptan is a reversible agonist of the 5-HT 1b/1d receptors located in the SMC of cranium and the neurons innervating cranial vasculature, respectively. In normal physiology, headache arises from a dysfunction in pain modulation. An afferent neuron stimulates the TCC, leading to two responses; the signal is passed to higher order centers of the brain for processing and the TCC also passes the signal onto cranial vasculature in order to induce reflex vasodilation. The release of vasodilatory molecules such as Nitric Oxide signals to the TCC to release a pain signal. Sumatriptan binds 5-HT 1b and 1d subtypes and activates Galpha1. In the 1b subtype in SMCs, this inactivates AC, decreases the amount of cAMP, and does not activate PKA. MLCK is activated and contraction of the smooth muscle cells is induced. In the 1d subtype, sumatriptan binding relieves the cranial vasoconstriction present in migraine to decrease the transmission of a pain response via the TCC from vasodilatory molecules as well as prevent the release of CGRP that leads to neuroinflammation.
730361796	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT1B receptor (5-HT1BR) located on the smooth muscle cells (SMCs) of the cranial vasculature; it is also an agonist of the 5-HT1D receptor (5-HT1DR) located on the pre-synaptic neurons innervating cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin is the endogenous agonist of the 5-HT1BR that activates G-alpha-i to decreases cAMP concentration and deactivates PKA; but MLCK is still activated so myosin is activated and stimulates vascular SMCs contraction. In addition, serotonin is also the endogenous agonist of the 5-HT1DR that activates G-alpha-i to decreases cAMP concentration and attenuates the release of calcitonin gene related peptide (CGRP) which is vasoactive and pro-inflammatory. By acting as 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist, sumatriptan induces cranial vasoconstriction to reverse the excitation of trigeminal afferents and neuroinflammatory that contribute to migraine headaches.
730009316	Sumatriptan or Imitrex is an antimigraine agent that is a selective agonist of 5-HT1A/1D. This causes cranial vasoconstriction and reduces inflammation in the brain (CNS) which is associated with a reduction in migraine pain. In normal physiology 5-HT1A/1D have many roles, but in this case it regulates the blood vessels in the brain to constrict. To operate, it sends neuronal signals to cause neuronal vasoconstriction in the brain. This drug can also treat cluster headaches.
730347896	Sumatriptan is a 5HT1B/1D receptor agonist. This drug is used in the treatment of migraines. The drug binds to the the receptor on intracranial nerves, which are seen in the head and normally supply blood to the head space, and causes intracranial vasoconstriction, which in turn decreases the vasodialtion and decrease the release of vasoactive peptides. This vasoconstriction is what eleviates the symptooms of migraines.
720461998	Sumatriptan is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of 5-HT1B/1D (and 1F) receptors in brain arteriole SMCs and presynaptic trigeminal neurons. Usually, these receptors signal through Gai coupled pathways to cause a variety of effects: 1B receptors promote vasoconsriction, 1D receptors decrease release of pro-inflammatory neuropeptides, and 1F receptors attenuate nociception. Altogether, these effects are useful in the treatment migraine headaches as descirbed by the neurovascular hypothesis.
730078207	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT1B/1D receptor. 5-HT1B/1D receptors are both GPCRs are 5-HT1B receptor is located on the smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and similarly, the 5-HT1D receptor is located neurons innervating the cranial vasculature. The endogenous ligand for the 5-HT1B/1D receptor is serotonin that binds and signals through Galphai, decreasing the concentration of cAMP, deactivating PKA, leaving MLCK active as well as myosin to produce smooth muscle cells contraction and overall vasoconstriction in the cranial vasculature. As an agonist, sumatriptan increases the activity at the 5-HT1B/1D receptor, increasing the smooth muscle cell contraction and overall vasoconstriction in the cranial vasculature that relieves migraine pain.
730006868	Sumatriptan, brand name Imitrex, is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist. The drug target is the 5-HT1B/1D receptor and is located in the smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and neurons in the CNS. Normally, serotonin would bind to this receptor, causing smooth muscle contraction in the cranial vasculature through the 1B subtype of this receptor, through the second messenger Gai, ultimitely inactivating Adenylyl cyclase, and decreasing cAMP levels. Through the 1D subtype, binding serotonin to this receptor inhibits the releast of CGPR, which a pro-inflammatory cytokine, therefor inhibiting inflammation in the cranial vasculature. Ultimately, the inhibition of CGPR and the constriction of smooth muscle in the cranial vasculature relieves the pain felt with migraines and helps with this management.
730363572	Sumatriptan is a serotonin 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist. 5-HT1B/1D is a GPCR that is activated by G alpha i. 5-HT1B receptors are found in smooth muscle in the cranial vasculature, and 5-HT1D receptors are found in presynaptic neurons that innervate cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin binds to 5-HT1B and activates G alpha i, which decreases cAMP concentration, which then decrease PKA activation. MLCK is activated and then activates myosin, which leads to smooth muscle contraction in the cranial vasculature. Serotonin also binds to 5-HT1D, which activates G alpha i and decreases cAMP concentrations and attenuates release of CGRP (a vasoactive and pro-inflammatory peptide). By acting as an agonist of 5-HT1B receptors in smooth muscles of the cranial vasculature and 5-HT1D receptors on presynaptic neurons, sumatriptan induces cranial vasoconstriction and reverses excitation of trigeminal afferents and neuroinflammation to relieve the symptoms associated with acute migraine headaches.
730364568	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT(1B/1D) receptor. The 1B receptor subtype is located on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and the 1D subtype is located on the presnypatic neuron for neurons that innervate blood vessels in teh CNS. Normally activation of both leads to the activation of Gi, causing decreased levels of cAMP. In cells with 1B, this deactivates PKA, while maintaining MLCK causing contraction of smooth muscle cells. In cells with 1D this leads to the downstream effect of lowering the release of pro-inflammatory vasoactgive peptides. Sumatriptan is used to treat the symptoms of migrains by decreasing blood flow, pro-inflammatory signalling and reversing Excitations from afferent signalling to the trigeminal cervical complex.
730363249	Sumatriptan is an orthosteric agonist of 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D/1F. These receptors are located on the cranial, vascular smooth muscle cells and the trigeminal afferent neurons in the CNS, respectively. Normally, 5-HT acts on 5-HT1B, a G-alpha-i GPCR, resulting in decreased cAMP concentrations, decreased PKA activity, an increased MLCK activity, and increased vasoconstriction of the vascular SMCs. Normally at the 5-HT1D/1F receptors, 5-HT binds to the G-alpha-i GPCR inducing a decrease in cAMP concentration, decreased PKA activity, and attenuates CGRP, a vasoactive proinflammatory peptide. Sumatriptan acts as an agonist on both of these pathways, causing increased vasoconstriction and decreased CGRP and resultant inflammation, in an attempt to treat for migraines.
730338781	Sumatriptan is a selective agonist. The drugs target is 5-HT(1B/1D) receptors located in the brain. In normal physiology, 5-HT(1B) R causes vasoconstriction of vasculature in the brain. 5-HT(1D) is responsible for the presence of neuropeptides. Agonist activity of this receptor causes vasoconstriction of vasculature in the brain which reduces stimulation to surrounding neurons to decrease neuronal signalling which reduces pain that is characteristic of migraines.
730341595	1) Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an agonist of2) 5HT1B receptors located on the smooth muscle cells of cranial vasculature and 5HT1D receptors located on presynaptic neurons innervating the cranial vasculature. 3) Normally, serotonin is an agonist of 5HT1B that acts via G alpha i to decrease cAMP and decrease PKA. This activates MLCK and myosin which cause vasoconstriction of smooth muscle cells in the cranium. Serotonin is also an agonist of 5HT1D receptors which also act via G alpha i to decrease cAMP. It attenuates calcitonin gene receptor peptides (CGRP), which are proinflammatory peptides.4) By working as an agonist of 5HT1B receptors (on cranial smooth muscle cells) and 5HT1D receptors (on presymatic neurons innervating the cranial vasculature), Sumatriptan causes vasoconstriction that reduces the excitation of trigeminal afferents and also reduces the inflammatory response seen in migraine headaches.
730015219	Sumatriptan is an orthosteric, reversible agonist of the 5-HT1B/1D receptor located on SMC of cranial vasculature (1B) and pre-synaptic neurons near the cranial vasculature (1D). Normally, serotonin binds to the 5-HT1B receptor and the alpha i subunit decreases cAMP and keeps MLCK activated and contracts the blood vessels. When serotonin binds to 5-HT1D receptors, the alpha i subunit decreases cAMP and calcitonin gene peptide receptor (CGPR) is released from the neuron to attenuate inflammatory reactions contributing to the migraine. Migraines are predicited to be caused by increased vasodilation in the cranial vasculature so when sumatriptan is administered, it will increase cranial vasculture constriction and decrease inflammatory responses in the body to treat the acute migraine.
730305268	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5HT(1B/1D) recepetors located in the cranial vasculature neurons Normally seratonin binds the the 5HT(1B) receptor which activates G alpha I decreasing cAMP which deactivates PLC while leaving MLCK activated. WIth MLKA activated the myosin chains are activate leading to contraction of the vascular SMC leading to vasoconstriction. It aslo plays as an agonist to the 5HT(1D) activating G alpha i decreasing cAMP which leads to the atenuation of CGRP, a proimflammatoy peptide in the cranial vasculature. Sumatriptan acts as a 5HT(1B/1D) agonist in the cranial vasculature neurons which activates G aplha i leading to the vasoconstriction of vascular SMC and attenuation of nociceptive signaling and neuroinflammation in the cranial neurons.
730305181	Sumatriptan, brand name Imitrex, is a serotonin 5-HT1b/1d receptor agonist located in several sites in the CNS. One of sumatriptan&#39;s targets is a GPCR expressed on neurons. By agonizing this serotonin receptor, Sumatriptan inhibits cranial vasoconstriction and reduces inflmation and is used to treat migranes (analgesic)
730300937	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an orthosteric reversible agonist of the 5HT(1B/1D) receptor. The 5HT 1B receptors are located on smooth muscle cells in the cranial vasculature while the 5HT1D are located on neurons associated with the cranial arteiroles. Normally serotonin binds to these receptors to activate them. They both act through g alpha I to decrease cAMP, and deactivate PKA. MLCK stays activated which causes vasoconstriction. The 5HT1B receptors cause vasoconstriction which relives the pain associated with migraines. The 5HT1D receptor regulates the release of CGRP therefore causing a reduction in neuroinflammation which is also associated with miagraine pain.
730257887	Sumatriptan is an antimigraine agent and acts as an agonist primarily at 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors located on smooth muscle cells and post-synaptic neurons, respectively, in the cranial vasculature. During acute migraine episodes, both receptors are under-stimulated by their endogenous neurotransmitter serotonin leading to cranial vasodilation and increased pressure on cranial nociceptive neurons, causing migraine headaches. Sumatriptan acts on 5-HT1B receptors located on cranial vascular smooth muscle cells which are coupled with G(alpah)i to decrease cAMP and inhibit PKA activation in order to keep myosin light chain kinase active, ultimately leading to VSMC contraction and vasoconstriction to relieve pain caused by pressure. 5-HT1D is also a GPCR coupled to G(alpha)i and stimulation by sumatriptan attenuates nociceptive neuron firing to decrease ascending pain signaling of migraine headaches.
730364945	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT1B receptors located on SMCs of the cranial vasculature as well as of 5-HT1D receptors found on presynaptic neurons innervating cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin acts as the agonist of these receptors. Serotonin acts as the agonist of 5-HT1B receptors to signal through Gai, decrease cAMP concentration, deactivate PKA, keep MLCK active, and therefore activate myosin to stimulate vascular SMC contraction. Serotonin also acts as the agonist of the 5-HT1D receptors to signal trough Gai, decrease cAMP, deactivate PKA, and attenuate the release of CGRP, a vasoactive proinflammatory peptide. As an agonist of the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors found in SMCs of the cranial vasculature and presynaptic neurons, respectively, sumatriptan acts to stimulate vasoconstriction of cranial blood vessels and decrease the excitatory stimulation of the trigeminal afferents to prevent neuroinflammation seen in migraine headaches.
730301189	N/A
730364732	Sumatriptan, or Imitrex, is a 5-HT1B/1D agonist. Normally, serotonin (5-HT) binds to these receptors in the cranial vasculature controlling vessel contraction and CNS involving proinflammatory neuronal peptide release. Upon binding of sumatriptan to the GPCR, activates G alpha I to decrease concentrations of cAMP and activate MLCK in the cranial vasculature, resulting in cranial blood vessel contraction (5-HT1BR); additionally, this inhibits the release of proinflammatory neuronal peptides through a similar GPCR mechanism in 5-HT1D receptors. This cranial blood vessel contraction and inhibition of proinflammatory peptide release results in the treatment of migraine headaches that arise from vasodilation and proinflammatory peptides.
730302084	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5HT1B/1DR located on vascular smooth musculature and serotonergic neurons in the brain. Normally, the 5HT1B/1DR is bound by serotonin and causes vasoconstriction. Sumatriptan is used to treat migraines which are believed to be caused by excessive cererbral vasodilation. Sumatriptan acts as an agonist at the 5HT1B/1DR in order to induce vasoconstriction to treat migraines.
730012427	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5HT1B and 5HT1D receptors found on intracranial blood vessels and presynaptic neurons of the trigeminal system. Normally, serotonin agonizes these receptors, causing hyperpolarization and decreased neuronal firing. By agonizing these receptors, sumatriptan also causes these effects, leading to cranial vasoconstriction and reduced neuroinflammation to treat acute migraine.
730008469	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT1B/1D receptors on cranial vascular smooth muscle and the neurons that innervate the vascular smooth muscle. Normally, these receptors are stimulated by 5-HT to cause vasoconstiction via Gi activation through 5-HT1B activation. They also decrease the release of pro-inflammatory signals via 5-HT1D activation which is also coupled to Gi. Sumatriptan also is an agonist of 5-HT1F which helps attenuate nociceptive signaling. Sumatriptan&#39;s action as an agonist at these receptors will cause vasoconstriction, decreased inflamation, and decreased nociceptive signaling to treat acute migraines.
730308977	Sumatriptan is an agonist of 5-HT1B/D receptors located peripherally and centrally on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature, neurons of the CNS, and in the TCC structure of the brain. Sumatriptan binds to these receptors, which are GPCRs coupled to G-alpha-i with predictable downstream activity. Headaches and migraines usually result from vasodilation of cranial vasculature, as well as the release of proinflammatory neuropeptides. Normally, the endogenous ligand serotonin binds to 5-HT1B/D receptors, which initiates G-alpha-i mechanisms that decrease cAMP levels and decrease PKA, with MLCK still remaining active. This results in smooth muscle contraction, leading to vasoconstriction of blood vessles in the brain (5-HT1B activity). Additionally, normal binding inhibits the release of proinflammatory neuropeptides (5-HT1D activity) and reduces nociception and neuronal signaling (5-HT1F activity) to reverse the effects associated with acute migraines. Sumatriptan binds to 5-HT1B/D receptors similarly to endogenous serotonin and initiates identical pathways, resulting in vasoconstriction of cranial vasculature, inhibition of proinflammatory neuropeptides, and decreased nociception and signaling to reduce the pain and treat acute migraines.
730304975	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an agonist of 5-HT1BR located on smooth muscle cells of the vasculature in the cranium and 5-HT1DR located on presynaptic neurons in the cranium. It is used for the treatment of acute migraines. In normal physiology, 5-HT1BR constricts vasculature in the cranium and modulates serotonin transmission in the cranium at 5-HT1DR. The symptoms associated with migraines (extreme headache, fatigue, nausea) are the results of vasodilation and low levels of serotonin. As an agonist, sumatriptan enhances the activity at 5-HT1BR and 5-HT1DR by vasoconstriction of cranial vasculature and increasing sertonin levels in the presynaptic cleft, respectively, thereby alleviating the symtpoms of a migraine.
730177416	Sumatriptan is a orthosteric agonist of the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D serotonin receptors. The 5-HT1B receptors are found in the smooth muscles of the vasculature in the brain and 5-HT1D is found in the prestsynaptic neurons in the CNS. Serotonin binding to 5-HT1B induces Gai signalling causing a decrease in cAMP that prevents the activation of MLCP and induces smooth muscle contraction. This causes vasoconstriction of the blood vessels in the brain leading to decreased pressure and attenuation of migraine symptoms. The 5-HT1D receptor on presynaptic neurons, when bound to serotonin, also induces Gai signalling tha leads to a decrease in cAMP and reduced NT release, This prevents neurogenic inflammation and can also relieve pressure in the brain. An agonist of these receptors can cause these effects and reduce the pressure in the brain that leads to the symptoms of migraines.
730309632	Sumatriptan (brand name Imitrex) is indicated for the treatment of migraine headaches. The drug acts as an agonist of the 5-HT1B, 5-HT1D and 5-HT1F receptors in the cranial vasculature. In normal migraine physiology, the dilation of cranial blood pressures increases pressure, and nociceptive signaling in the brain that leads to the painful symptoms associated with migraine headache. Additionally, neuronal dysfunction and firing in the cranium is also associated with migraine headache. Sumatriptan binding to 5-HT1B receptors results in the vasoconstriction of cranial blood vessels. 5-HT1B receptors are not found in the periphery, which makes sumatriptan highly specific and efficacious in targeting migraine headaches. In targets 5-HT1D receptors, sumatriptan inhibits the release of neurotransmitters from pre-synaptic trigeminal cranial neurons to decrease signaling. Finally, in targeting 5-HT1B/1D/1F, sumatriptan activates the CGRP complex to modulate pain and nociception, alleviating the pain and symptoms associated with migraine headaches.
730163687	Sumatriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist. These receptors are located on smooth muscle cells on the cranial vasculature as well as neurons on pre-synaptic and post-synaptic sites. These receptors are GPCRs coupled to Gai and normally, serotonin binds and induces contraction of intracranial arteries through decreased cAMP and increased MLCK. By acting as an agonist of the 5-HT1B/1D receptor, sumatriptan also leads to inhibition of vasoactive peptides and CGRP on trigeminal neurons as well as inhibition of neurotransmission to the thalamus. Sumatriptan also attenuates nociceptive signaling to the ascending pathway, in order to modulate the feeling of pain. Overall, as a 5-HT 1B/1D receptor agonist, sumatriptan is indicated for treatment of acute migraine.
730227103	Sumatriptan is a 5HT(1B/1D) receptor reversible agonist. The drugs target is in the vascular smooth muscle cells located mostly in the cranium. Under normal physiology serotonin binds to the receptor, activates a Galpha-i GPCR, which decreases adenylyl cyclase activity, decreases levels of cAMP, decreasing the activity of PKA, activating MLCK, which causes smooth muscle contraction of the VSMC&#39;s. Since sumatriptan is an agonist of this receptor it acts just as serotonin does to induce smooth muscle contraction. Migrains are caused by vasodilation of the blood vessels in the cranium, which activates signaling of nociceptive neurons in the afferent pathway, which leads to the migrain symptoms. Having a drug that causes vasoconstriction in these blood vessels will stop the signaling of these nociceptive neurons leading to treating migraine symptoms.
730308980	Sumatriptan, brand name Imitrex, is an agonist of the 5HT1B/1D receptors in the CNS. Normally, 5HT1B/1D receptors are coupled to G-alpha-i. Upon activation, 5HT1B signals through G-alpha-i, decreasing cAMP concentration, deactivating PKA, activating MLCK and inducing smooth muscle contraction, resulting in vasoconstriction of cranial arteries. Upon activation of 5HT1D, the receptor signals through G-alpha-i, decreasing cAMP concentration, and inhibiting the release of CGRP, a proinflammatory neuropeptide. By acting as an agonist of the 5HT1B/1D receptors, sumatriptan induces vasoconstriction of cranial arteries and inhibits release of CGRP in order to relieve headache.
730084405	sumatriptan is a 5HT1B/1D Receptor reversible, orthosteric agonist. 5HT1B receptors are found on cranial smooth muscle cells, and 5HT1D receptors are located on presynaptic neurons in the CNS. Normally, 5HT binds to these receptors that are bound to g alpha i, and induce decreases in PKA, and decreases in cAMP. This causes an increase in MCLK and therefore causes smooth muscle cell contraction, and vasoconstriction. 5HT 1B/1D receptor binding decreases neuroinflammatory processes and trigeminal afferent pain modulation to stop migraine pain. Sumatriptan, as an agonist, increases this action of serotonin binding, resulting in increased MLCK, and increased vasoconstriction, and therefore works to decrease neuroinflammatory processes to treat migraine headache.
730042911	Sumatriptan is a reversible 5HT(1B/1D) Receptor Agonist. It targets 5HT(1B/1D) Receptors (serotonin receptors) located on cranial vasculature. In normal physiology, when serotonin binds to these receptors, it activates the G alpha i subunit which will lower [cAMP] and as a result lead to constriction in the vasculature. With the sumatriptan binds, it enhances the effect of the serotonin receptors and the vasoconstriction is correlated with headache relief. This could be caused by the decrease in blood volume and swelling in the cranial region from the vasculature.
730301145	Sumatriptan is a reversible, orthosteric agonist of the 5-HT1B/1D receptor. The 5-HT1B receptor is located on vascular smooth muscle cells in the carotid artery and cranial blood vessels. The 5-HT1D receptor is located on neurons. Normally, the 5-HT1B and 1D receptors are bound by serotonin to cause vascular smooth muscle cell contraction and attenuate the release of calcitonin gene related peptide, a vasoactive and pro-inflammatory peptide, respectively. Sumatriptan binds the 5-HT1B receptor and signals through G alpha i to cause a decrease in intracellular cAMP and activate myosin to cause contraction of vascular SMCs and vasoconstriction. Sumatriptan also binds the 5-HT1D receptor and signals through G alpha i to cause a decrease in intracellular cAMP and attenuate the release of calcitonin gene related peptide, a vasoactive and pro-inflammatory peptide. It is through a combination of these actions that the symptoms associated with a migraine are relieved.
730043583	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is an antimigraine again that targets the 5-HT 1B/1D recptors located on smooth muscle cells of the blood vessels. Normally these targets are activated by serotonin and cause an vasodialation. Sumatriptan binds to these receptors and acts as a reversible antagonist. This results in an increase in the constriction of the smooth muscle cells and a decrease in the blood flow surrounding the nocioceptive pain recpetors. By decreaseing the blood flow around these pain receptors, there is a decrease in their excitability and therefore a decrease in pain and activity associated with the progression of migraines.
730305983	Sumatriptan is an agonist.. ..of the 5-HT(1B) receptor located on smooth muscle cells in cranial vasculature and 5-HT(1D) receptors located on presynaptic neurons located on cranial blood vessels. In normal physioloy, serotonin binds the 5-HT(1B) receptor activating a Gi cascade that decreases cAMP levels, deactivating PKA, activating MLCK, which activates myosin that leads to smooth muscle contraction. Serotonin also activates 5-HT(1D) receptors which attenuates the release of CGRP, a vasoactive peptide that leads to inflammation. Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT(1B) receptor located in cranial vasculature that leads to contraction on the smooth muscle cells to cause vasoconstriction to correct the dilated blood vessels that lead to migraine. Sumatriptan is also an agonist of 5-HT(1D) receptors located on cranial blood vessels that leads to the inhibition of pro-inflammatory molecules such as CGRP that usually contribute to migraine headache.
720141645	Sumatriptan is a 5Ht1b/1d Agonist on the cranial nerve cells. Normally serotonin binds to the 5ht1b/1d receptor causing activation of Galphai which decreases CAMP, and activates MLCK causing smooth muscle contraction and vasocontstriction. It also decreases the release of inflammatory proteins. Sumatriptan is an agonist, so it follows the same pathway described above as serotonin and releives pain associated with migraines.
730011977	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is a reversible, orthosteric inhibitor of the 5-HT1B/1D receptor(s) in the cranium. Normally, this drug&#39;s target functions by binding with seratonin to cause vasodilation of cerebral blood vessels, induce the release of vasoactive peptides, and modulate the nocicpetive pain pathways in the CNS. In order for the drug to exert its theraputic effect, it must prevent serotonin from binding to this receptor, which in turn causes vasoconstrction of cranial blood vessels, reduces the release of vasoactive peptides, and attenuates the nocicpetive pain pathways to become less sensitive; this causes and analgesic effect that helps treat the pain assoicated with migraines.
730362445	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT1B receptor located in the smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature, as well as an agonist of the 5-HT1D receptor in the pre-synaptic neurons. In normal physiology, serotonin binds to and activates the 5-HT1B receptor and via GalphaI, this reduces cAMP levels, leading to inactivation of PKA, while MLCK remains active leading to myosin activation. This causes smooth muscle contraction leading vasoconstriction of the cranial vasculature. Serotonin also activates 5-HT1D and also via GalphaI leads to reduced cAMP levels which causes attenuation of calcitonin gene related peptide (CGRP), which is a proinflammatory neuropeptide. As a 5-HT1B receptor and 5HT1D receptor agonist, sumatriptan will activate 5-HT1B, causing vasoconstriction of the cranial vasculature that causes the reversal of the excitatory trigeminal afferents, and it will activate 5-HT1D, leading to attenuation of the vasoactive and proinflammatory CGPR. Through both of these effects, sumatriptan will relieve the symptoms commonly displayed in migraines.
730305984	Imitrex (sumatriptan) is an agonist of both the 5HT1B and 5HT1D receptors which are both GPCRs coupled to Gai. The 5HT1B receptor is found on SMCs of the carotid and cranial vasculature whereas the 5HT1D receptor is located on the presynaptic site of neurons that innervate cranial vasculature. In normal physiology, 5-hydroxytryptamine (5HT) activates 5HT1B to activate it Gai subunit leading to decreased levels of cAMP in the SMC. This decreases the activity of PKA which increases the activity of MCLK in this particular type of SMC, leading to myosin activation and SMC contraction of the cranial vasculature. In the normal physiology of the 5HT1D receptor, 5HT activates the receptor to activate the Gai subunit and a decrease in cAMP occurs. This decreases the activity of PKA within the cell and thus attenuates the release of calcitonin gene related peptide (CGRP), a vasoactive and pro-inflammatory peptide, leading to a decrease in inflammation in the brain. Imitrex shows therapeutic utility in potentiating both of the processes detailed above to combat the inflammation and vasodilation seen in migraine, with vasoconstriction occurs from the activation of 5HT1B and a decrease in pro-inflammatory signaling from the activation of 5HT1D. It should be noted that 5HT1F is thought to be activated as well and helps with the attenuation of nociceptive signaling seen in migraine.
730305023	Sumatriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist. 5-HT1B is located on the smooth muscle cells of cranial vasculature, and 5-HT1D is located on the presynaptic neurons of cranial vasculature. Normally, serotnonin is coupled to G-alpha-i to deactivate PKA and decrease the release of cAMP, so that it will remain the production of MLCK, thereby stimulating muscle contraction in smooth muscle cells in 5-HT1B. Serotonin is also coupled to G-alpha-i in CNS to decrease the release of cAMP and stimulate the GCRK production, which inhibits the release of pre-inflammatory peptides. Sumatriptan works as an agonist of 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D that further stimulate the vasocontraction and inhibit the pre-inflammatory cells production, thereby relieving the neurotransmission and treating acute migraine.
730335119	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT 1B/1D receptor, which is a Gai-coupled GPCR, in arterial SMC and in the CNS. In normal physiology, serotonin binds and acitvates Gai-coupled GPCR, inhibiting the production of cAMP. Sumatriptan binds 5-HT 1B/1D receptors in the cranial cells to induce vasoconstriction in order to treat acute migraine.
720520297	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT1B receptor located on the smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and the 5-HT1D receptor located on the pre-synaptic neuron of the cranial blood vessels. Normally, serotonin binds to the 5-HT1B receptor which activates Galphai to decrease cAMP concentration, and activate PKA which results in vasoconstriction in the cranial vasculature. In addition, serotonin also binds to 5-HT1D receptor to activate Galphai and decrease cAMP to promote inhibition of proinflammatory responses. Sumatription acts as an agonist and binds to the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors to increase cranial vasoconstriction, promote inhibition of proinflammatory responses and attentuate nociceptive signaling in the ascending pathway in order to provide migraine relief.
730119872	Sumatriptan is a reversible, orthosteric agonist at the 5-HT1B/1D receptor that is found on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature. Normally, the 5-HT1B/1D receptor is activated by serotonin. Signaling is coupled to Gi, resulting in activation of MLCK and vasoconstriction of the cranial blood vessels to counter the vasodilation seen in migraine headaches. This signaling also inhibits the release of vasoactive peptides such as CGRP and attenuates nociceptive signaling in the ascending pathway to decrease pain. Sumatriptan mimics these effects in order to treat the vasodilation and pain associated with acute migraine.
730305285	Sumatriptan is an agonist of the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors in the cranial arteries and on nociceptive pain pathways. Normally, activation of these receptors causes cranial vasoconstriction and attenuates pain by signaling through G alpha i, inhibiting adenylyl cyclase and decreasing cAMP. As an agonist of these receptors, sumatriptan increases cranial vasoconstriction and reduces pain perception which helps in mitigate the symptoms of acute migraine.
720507989	Sumatriptan is an antimigraine agent and acts as a reversible agonist of 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors in smooth muscle cells and on CNS neurons. Typically, 5-HT binds to these receptors to activate the GPCR coupled to Gai. This leads to a decrease in cAMP. At 5-HT1B receptors, this causes vasoconstriction in the vasculature of the brain. At 5-HT1D receptors, this causes a decrease in proinflammatory effects. At both receptors a decrease in nociceptive signaling in the CNS is also seen. By acting as an agonist at these receptors, sumatriptan decreases the pain and symptoms associated with acute migraine.
730308983	Sumatriptan (Imitrex) is a 5-HT 1B/1D Receptor Agonist (selective) used as an antimigraine agent. The target is 5-HT 1B Receptors on smooth muscle cells of the cranial vasculature and 5-HT 1D receptors on presynaptic neurons innervating cranial blood vessels. Serotonin is the endogenous ligand, binding to the 5-HT 1B receptor, coupled with GalphaI, decreasing cAMP concentration, deactivating PKA. MLCK remains activated, activating myosin causing cranial vasoconstriction. Serotonin also binds to 5-HT 1D receptor, also coupled with GalphaI, decreasing cAMP concentration, attenuating release of CGRP, a vasoactive and pro-inflammatory peptide. Selective agonist binding of sumatriptan to the 5-HT 1B and 5-HT 1D receptors enhances cranial vasoconstriction and decreases peptides that contribute to neuroinflammation, for treatment of migraines.
