730336623	Tamsulosin, otherwise known as Flomax, is an alpha blocker that competitively inhibits the adrenergic receptor on smooth muscle cells in the bladder. The drug inhibits the binding of norepinephrine from the sympathetic nervous system to block the receptor. Normally, norepinephrine from the SNS binds to the GPCR coupled to Galpha-q which causes and increase in calcium, IP3, and DAG, which activates myosin like chain kinase which then causes the contraction of the lower sphincter in the bladder. The contraction closes the bladder to allow for the bladder to fill. Inhibiting this with an alpha blocker in patients who have LUTS associated with BPH allows the sphincter to relax and dilate to alleviate the pressures on the prostate.
730009227	Tamsulosin is an orthosteric reversible antagonist of alpha 1 receptors. Specifically, tamsulosin works to target alpha 1 receptors located in the uretheral sphincter. In normal physiology, through sympathetic innervation epinephrine or norepinephrine would activate the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor, a GPCR with the G alpha q subunit, resulting in an increase in IP3 and intracellular calcium levels. The increase in calcium results in smooth muscle contraction, and keeps the sphincter closed to prevent urination. In males with BPH, enlargement of the prostate can put pressure on the urethera, preventing urine flow and causing urinary rention. By acting as an antagonist of the alpha 1 receptors in the uretheral sphincter, tamsulosin reduces the effects of sympathetic innervation and promtes sphincter relaxation to help increase urine flow, reduce urine retention, and treat the LUTS associated with BPH.
711510047	Tamsulosin is an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor (alpha-1 AR) blocker. In normal physiology, norepinephrine (NE) is the endogenous agonist of alpha-1 ARs located in the smooth muscle cells of the bladder&#39;s internal urethral sphincter which, upon the binding of NE, is activated and promotes vasoconstriction. By blocking the activation of alpha-1 AR by NE, tamsulosin reduces the vasoconstriction that causes or exacerbates the lower urinary truct symptoms (LUTS) associated with BPH.
730301143	Tamsulosin is an antagonist of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor located on smooth muscles of the bladder&#39;s uretheral sphincter. Normally, norepinephrine is the endogenous agonist of alpha-1 AR, activating alpha-1 AR to increase intracellular calcium concentration, activate MLCK, and stimulate uretheral sphincter smooth muscle contraction. As an antagonist of alpha-1 AR in the uretheral sphincter, tamsulosin blocks norepinephrine from binding alpha-1 AR, suppressing uretheral sphincter smooth muscle contraction and lowering urinary tract resistance in treating LUTS associated wtih BPH.
730008206	Tamsulosin (flomax) is an alpha-1- adnergic receptor antagonist that targets the alpha-1- andnergic receptor in the prostate of patients with BPH. the alpha-1-receptor is activated by epinephrine and norepinephrine to act as a vasoconstrictor and close the sphincter. As a competative antagonist that mimics the structure of epinephrine and norepinephrine, Tamsulosin binds to the receptor to block its activity. The inhibition leads to the vasodilation of the sphincter allowing it to open, thus relieving LUTS casued by BPH.
720431068	Tamsulosin is an Alpha-1 receptor blocker. The target is located in the smooth muscle cells of the prostate/urinary tract. Normally, the alpha-1 receptor would cause vasodilation, the symptoms associated with BPH would be incomplete emptying, and frequent urination. Tamsulosin acts to block the alpha-1 receptor, and cause vasoconstriction. This will cause an antagonistic effect that would help with the patient&#39;s incomplete emptying, as it would cause constriction of the sphincter.
730170143	Tamsulosin (Brand name Flomax) is a reversible, orthosteric inhibitor of alpha 1 andronergic receptors in the bladder internal sphincter tissue. Alpha 1 receptors in the internal sphincter bind to norephinephrine released by the sympathetic nervous system to contract smooth muscles of the internal sphincter and fill the bladder with urine. Tamsulosin blocks activation of alpha 1 receptor to cause smooth muscle relaxation of internal sphincter muscles and decrease urine retention and relieve the LUTS associated with BPH.
730337615	Tamsulosin is an alpha A1R antagonist that primarily acts on smooth muscle cells of the bladder. Normally, increased sympathetic tone and norepinephrine release in the bladder activates the A1R and causes contraction of the smooth muscle and the symptoms of LUTS associated with BPH. Tamsulosin prevents the activity of the A1R thereby reducing the symptoms.
730046634	Tamsulosin is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the A1 adrenergic receptor. The recepotr is found on smooth muscle cells in the bladder, and when they are activated by NE in normal physiology, down stream signaling through Galpa q prompts IP3 and DAG. This increases calcium uptake into the cell and through the MLCK complex, it will cause vasoconstric of smooth muscle. Tamsulsin inhibits the the A1 adrenergic receptor, wich will inhibit vasoconstric of the smooth muscle and cause vasodilation in the bladder. This helps with with symptoms caused by BPH.
720516197	Tamsulosin is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of alpha-1 adrenargic receptors located in the smooth muscle cells of internal bladder sphincter. Normally, norepinephrine (NE) is an endogenous agonist that binds to alpha-1 adrenargic receptor and activate Gaq and increase intracellular Ca2+ concentration, then activate MLCK and causes smooth muscle contraction of the internal bladder sphincter. As an alpha-1 adrenargic receptor antagonist, tamsulosin blocks alpha-1 adrenargic receptors and prevents smooth muscle contraction of internal bladder sphincter to treat increased outlet resistance (LUTs) associated with BPH.
730010565	Tamsulosin is an antagonist at the alpha-1 adrenergic receptors located in the smooth muscle of sphincter of the male urethra. Normally, these receptors are activated by NE to contract and cause contraction, which leads to the LUD symptoms associated with BPH. Therefore, tamsulosin inhibits the action of the contraction of smooth muscle, leading to a lessening of the LUD symptoms associated with BPH.
720391577	Tamsulosin is an reversible orthosteric antagonist of the Alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist located in the smooth muscle cells of the interal urethal sphincter of the the bladder. In normal physiology, the Alpha-1 adrenergic receptor is stimulated by acetylcholine, which is coupled to G-alpha-q and results in increased [Ca2+] that then activates MLCK and causes smooth muscle contraction the urethal sphincter. Pateints experiencing LUTS associated with BPH have difficulty uriniating so Tamsulosin acts an an antagonist of this alpha-1 receptor to inhibit activation by acetylcholine. Without stimulating, the casacade of events with the coupled G-protein do not occur which results in relaxation of the the smooth muscle cells at the interal urethral sphincter to allow for urination.
730301183	Tamsulosin is known by the brand name Flomax and is an andrenergic alpha type 1 antagonist found in the SMC around the bladder. Normally these cells respond to norepinephrine and control the stricture of the urethra, tamsulosin works by being an antagonist to the sympathetic tone induced stricture of the urethea. This medication is indicated for men with BPH but, it treats the symptoms and not the root cause of BPH.
730306031	Tamsulosin, or Flomax, is an alpha 1 receptor antagonist. It is orthosteric and reversible. The alpha 1 receptor is located on smooth muscle cells in the bladder which is located in the excretory tract (urethral). Alpha 1 receptors are usually activated by acetylcholine to initiate smooth muscle contraction when needed. LUTS and BPH increase smooth muscle contraction through this pathway due to physical pressures of the disease on the bladder. Blocking these receptors allows for smooth muscle relaxation both of the urethra and the lower urethral sphincter which, in turn, allows urine to exit the bladder. Tamsulosin helps the patient pee when it is inhbited by LUTS or BPH.
730336866	tamsulosin (Flomax) is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the alpha adrenergic type 1 (alpha-1 AR) receptor located [everywhere but therapeutically] on the internal urethral sphincter attached to the bladder. The alpha-1 AR is normally stimulate by norepinephrine (NE) and is connected to a GPCR attached to G-alpa-s and when stimulated results in an increase in the intracellular [cAMP], activation of myosin light chain k MLCK which results in smooth muscle contraction of the internal urethral sphincter. tamsulosin blocks the alpha-1 AR which relaxes the smooth muscle of the internal urethral sphincter and relieves symptoms of LUTS associated with BPH.
720511985	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha 1 blocker. It is an antagonist for the alpha 1 receptor which typically binds acetylcholine in the bladder walls. Blocking the binding at this site reduces vasocontraction, and thus the LUTS associated with BPH.
720514156	Tamsulosin is an Alpha-1 blocker (antagonist) that targets the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor located on the bladder sphincter. In normal physiology the activation of the recteptor by acetylcholine leads to increased constriction of the bladder sphincter. Tamsulosin blocks acetylcholine from binding to the receptor and and inhibits the constriction of the bladder sphincter allowing ease of urination.
730339317	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a reversible orthosteric antagonist that binds the alpha-1-andrenergic-receptor (A1AR) located on the smooth muscle cells of the urethral sphincter. Normally, the A1AR when bound signals through Gq to increase Ca levels and activate MLCK which results in increased contraction of the smooth muscle cells of the urethral sphincter. This results in the sphincter closing. When the drug, Tamsulosin is bound, it inhibits this pathway resulting in decreased sympathetic tone and a reduction of contractions which will result in a relaxation of the sphincter. This will allow the bladder to void and will relieve lower urinary tract symptoms which are chracteristic of BPH.
730007672	Tamsulosin is an antagonist of the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor, located on the smooth muscle of the sphincter located near the bladder. Under normal physiology, the Alpha1AR is stimulated by norepinephrine, and causes constriction of the sphincter through sympathetic nervous system innervation, preventing urination. Tamsulosin acts on the Alpha1AR to block the action of norepinephrine, allowing for relaxation of smooth muscle, easing the process of urination and treating the LUTS associated with BPH.
730010615	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a orthosteric reversilbe inhibitor of the alpha-1 andrenergic receptor (a G-alpha-q GPCR) located on the internal urethral sphincter in the bladder. Normally, norepinephrine binds to the alpha 1 andrenergic receptor, which is G-alpha-q associated, leading to activation of phospholipase C, which causes PIP2 to be cleaved to IP3 and DAG. IP3 works to activate calcium channels on the sarcoplasmic reticulum of the cell to increase Ca output and increase intracellular levels of Ca. DAG activates protein kinase C (PKC) which works on those same calcium channels and increases intracellular Ca concentrations further. Ca then binds to calmodulin, forming CaM, which activates myosin light chain kinase (MLCK). MLCK then phosphporylates the regulatory myosin light chain, allowing myosin heads to interact with actin, and smooth muscle contraction of the internal urethral sphincter to result which helps contain urine in the bladder. Tamsulosin binds to the alpha 1 receptor, blocks the activity of norepinephrine, and thus leads to decreased sympathetic tone of the internal urethral sphincter and muscular relaxation. This drug can therefore be utilized to relieve the symptoms of LUTS (lower urinary tract symptoms) such as slow urine stream, incomplete emptying, and urinary retention, which are often caused by/associated with BPH (blocking norepinephrine means no activation of the cascade that causes amooth muscle contraction described above).
730308943	1: Tamsulosin is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist. 2: The target of tamsulosin is the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor located in the sphincter of the bladder. 3: Normally, the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor binds epinephrine or norepinephrine (sympathetic nervous system) which causes downstream effects from the Gq protein to increase cGMP that leads to increased calcium levels that leads to activation of MLCK to cause contraction of the sphincter in the bladder to help with urinary retention. 4: Tamsulosin antagonizes the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor to decrease contraction of the sphincter in the bladder in order to allow urine to flow. Tamsulosin does not allow epinephrine or norepinephrine to bind and cause downstream effects of smooth muscle contraction, therefore relaxing the sphincter and allowing urine through.
730305075	Tamsulosin acts as a reversible, orthosteric antagonist at the muscarininc ACh receptors located on the smooth muscle cells of the bladder wall. In normal physiology, acetylcholine will bind to the mACh receptor and stimulate calcium ion secretion, PKA activation, and smooth muscle contraction. By blocking ACh from binding, tamsulosin causes the bladder wall to relax leading to decreased bladder emptying thus healping treat LUTS associated with BPH.
730344007	Flomax 1) reversible, competitive antagonist 2) alpha1 adrenergic receptor in bladder sphincter cells 3) &#225;1AR propagates sympathetic signals to bladder sphincter cells via Gq to activate PLC to cleave PIP into IP3 and DAG. IP3 opens Ca2+ channels in sarcoplasmic reticulum. DAG activates PKC to also open Ca2+ channels in sarcoplasmic reticulum. Influx of Ca2+ activates MLCK to phosphorylate myosin to contract smooth muscle. 4) &#225;1AR blockers inhibit the sympathetic signal and induce sphincter relaxation to reduce urinary retention
730300292	Tamsulosin is an alpha-1 blocker. It&#39;s a reversible orthosteric antagonist that act on the adrenergic alpha-1 receptors located on bladder urethral sphincter smooth muscle cells. Normally, the alpha-1 receptors (GPCR) are activated by the endogenous neurotransmitter norepinephrine (through sympathetic nervous system), and then signal via G-alpha-q to increase calcium ion and activate MLCK, and thereby increasing smooth muscle contraction. Tamulosin, as an alpha-1 blocker, inhibit the alpha-1 receptor activation by NE and attenuate sympathetic tone, thereby decreasing urinary sphincter striction, which increases urinary outlet resistance and is symptomatic of LUTs associated with BPH.
730302081	Tamsulosin is an alpa-1 receptor antagonist. The alpha-1 receptor is found on smooth muscle cellls of the internal urethral spincter (and in peripheral vasculature), and its endogenous ligand is the sympathetic catecholamine norepinephrine. When norepinephrine binds, it activates the G-alpha-q subunit of the GPCR receptor causing an increase in intracellular calcium levels. Calcium then binds to calmodulin, and this complex activates mysoin light chain kinase to phosphorylate myosin and smooth cause muscle cell contraction of the internal urinary sphincter. As an alpha-1-receptor antagonist, tamsulosin blocks the binding of norepinephrine to decrease sympathetic stimulation and subsequent contraction of the spincter to allow for urinary outflow, thereby alleviating urinary retention (a lower urinary tract symptom) caused by benign prostatic hyperplasia.
730336309	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a alpha 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist. This drug targets receptors on the smooth muscle epithelial tissue of the bladder and genital area, specifically in the internal sphincter. In normal physiology, the binding of the AIR, a GPCR, would lead to Gaq activation. This would cause the PKC to be activated, Ca+2 to be released, calmodulin-Ca+ to bind, activation of the MLCK, smooth muscle contraction, and the prevention of urinary flow. Tamsulosin can antagonize symptoms of the lower urinary tract by preventing the preventing the activation of the AIR and thus preventing GPCR from becoming activated, leading to dilating effects. The internal sphincter will thus remain relaxed, and problems with urinary flow retention, commonly experienced in patietns with BPH can be relieved.
730203946	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the alpha-1 AR located in the urinary sphincter muscles. Normally, norepinephrine, controlled by the sympathetic nervous system, activates the alpha-1 AR to promote muscle contraction through G-alpha-q, leading to intracellular increase of calcium and upregulation of MLCK, resulting in muscle contraction. Tamsulosin blocks the activity of norepinephrine, resulting in blocking the contraction of the urinary sphincter muscle, allowing urine to flow out and therefore treating LUTS associated with BPH.
730092448	Tamsulosin is an antagonist of alpha-1 adrenergic receptors in the urinary sphincter. The alpha1 adrenergic receptors are bound to norepinephrine which is then used to stimulate muscle contraction in the smooth muscle of the bladder. In this case, tamsulosin is used to block alpha 1 receptors from binding to norepinephrine which allows dilation of bladder muscles allowing relief of lower urinary tract sympotoms with BPH through bladder emptying.
730337192	Tamsulosin is an alpha 1 receptor blocker (also known as alpha 1 receptor antagonist). The drug target is alpha 1 receptor (GPCR), which is located on the urether sphincter (preipheral vasulature). Normally, when the receptor is activated, Gq will increase the intracellualar level of Ca2+, which will activate MLCK, causing vasoconstriction. However, as an alpha 1 receptor blocker, Tamsulosin will block the activation of the receptor, causing vasodilation, which will decrease resistance as seen in LUTS.
730300464	Tamsulosin is an antagonist at muscarinic receptors (mAChR). Although found throughout the body, the area of interest for Tamsulosin treatment is mAChRs found in the bladder. In normal physiology, acetylcholine (ACh) binds mAChRs, of which there are five types, to elicit a variety of effects throughout the body. In the bladder, activation of M3 receptors leads to smooth muscle contraction and bladder emptying. Patients with BPH may exerpeince lower urinary tract infection symptoms, such as frequent urination. By binding to mAChR, Tamsulosin prevents mAChR activation, thus preventing smooth muscle contraction of the bladder, and various urinary symptoms that may come with BPH.
730300715	Tamsulosin (flomax) is an orthosteric, reversible alpha 1 receptor antagonist. Alpha 1 receptors are GPCRs located in the internal urethral sphincter on SMC and in peripheral vasculature on SMC. Normal physiologic roles involve the sympathetic nervous system and the normal endogenous ligand is NE and epinephrine. NE binds the alpha 1 receptor, which is associated with Gaq, thus leading to an increase in DAG and IP3 levels. These lead to an increase in Ca+2 intracellularly, thus activating MLCK to cause smooth muscle contraction. In the internal urethral sphincter, sympathetic tone is responsible for maintaining a contracted sphincter to prevent urination until the bladder is full. For patients with BPH, the hyperplastic growth puts extra pressure on the sphincter leading to lower urinary tract symptoms such as frequent but scanty urination. Tamsulosin helps reduce sympathetic tone for the treatment of LUTS in patients with BPH by reducing contraction of the internal urethral sphincter.
730008212	Tamsulosin is an alpha 1 blocker that functions to inhibit the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor, found on smooth muscle cells of the internal urethreal sphincter. The natural ligand, norepinephrine, binds to the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor to stimulate G alpha q, which increases IP3 and DAG concentrations, increases Ca concentraions, stimulates the formation of Ca/calmodulin complexes, actives MLCK, activates myosin, and stimulates smooth muscle contraction in the internal urethral sphicter to promote closure of the sphincter. The binding of the drug, tamsulosin, to the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor inhibits the binding of norepinephrine which inhibits the contraction of the internal sphincter required for sphincter closure (promotes sphincter opening), thereby, effectively treating LUTS symptoms associated with BPH.
730305176	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a competitive, reversible, antagonist of the alpha-1 muscarinic cholinergic receptor (mAChR) in the prostate. Normally, activation of the alpha-1 receptor causes an increase in cAMP concentration and MCSK via GPCR activity. This GPCR activity causes an increase in Ca2+ concentration, which leads to the contraction of smooth muscles in the prostate. Blocking this receptor with tamsulosin causes smooth muscle relaxation in the prostate and urinary tract, which decreases the symptoms of BPH such as difficulty urinating and helps to treat the lower urinary tract symptoms associated with the disease.
730308947	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha-1 receptor antagonist (a1R antagonist). The drug&#39;s target is therefore an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor located in smooth muscle cells and peripheral vasculature. The alpha-1 receptor typically binds to norepinephrine (a sympathetic autonomic nervous system neurotransmitter) which subsequently activates the Gq protein. The Gq protein then activates IP3 and DAG which are secondary messengers that cause the sarcoplasmic reticulum of the smooth muscle cells to become more permeable to calcium ions. Calcium ions are normally released from the sarcoplasmic reticulum into the cytoplasm, where the calcium interacts with Cal-modulin which then activates myosin light chain kinases (MLCKs). MLCKs then activate myosin in the smooth muscles cells causing contraction. Since tamsulosin is an antagonist of the alpha-1 receptor, it down regulates this process. Hence, there is a decrease in smooth muscle contraction. This activity is useful in the treatment of LUTS caused by BPH. BPH causes excessive contraction of the bladder and sphincter (controlled by smooth muscle) which results in urinary retention. Tamsulosin relaxes the smooth muscles and releives bladder the sympathetic tone in the bladder, thereby reducing the symptoms of LUTS.
730305017	Tamsulosin is a reversible, orthostatic antagonist of muscarinic acetylcholine receptors (mAChRs) found in bladder smooth muscle cells (SMCs). Normally, acetylcholine activates mAChRs and stimulates a signal transduction cascade via Gq to increase cellular Ca2+ concentration thereby activating myosin light chain kinase (MLCK) and increasing SMC contraction. Tamsulosin prevents acetylcholine from activating bladder mAChRs to decrease cellular Ca2+ concentration, decrease activity of MLCK, decrease contraction of SMCs, and relieve LUTS symptoms.
730332858	Tamsulosin is an adrenergic antagonist of the a1 receptor. The a1 receptor, typically found in vascular smooth muscle cells, normally binds epinephrine and through Gq signaling contracts the vasculature through increasing intraccellular calcium through the cleavage of PIP2 to IP3 and DAG. Calcium binds calmodulin which activate myosin light chain kinase which causes contraction. By antagonizing the a1 receptor, tamsulosin reduces sympathetic tone and pressure caused by lower urinary tract symptoms due to benign prostatic hyperplasia.
730335667	Tamsulosin or Flomax is an adrenergic receptor inhibitor that binds orthostatically and reversibly. The receptors are located on smooth muscle cells within the GI tract, and typically binding to the adrenergic receptor leads to vasodilation of the smooth muscle cells. By using this inhibitor we can help with the lower urinary tract symptoms associated with BPH, by allowing vasoconstriction or excitation of the smooth muscle cells in the GI tract to encourage flow.
730000106	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist (alpha-1 blocker). Tamsulosin is a reversible, orthoseteric antagoinst of the alpha-1 receptor on smooth muscle cells of the internal spinchter of the bladder used to treat LUTS in BPH. In normal physiology, the sympathetic neurotransmitter norepinephrine (NE) and the hormone epinephrine (E) bind to the alpha-1 receptor on smooth muscle cells comprising the internal sphincter of the bladder leading to contraction of the smooth muscles and urinary retention due to activation of the sympathetic nervous system. This receptor is a GPCR coupled to Galpha-q that leads to the contraction of smooth muscle. Upon binding of NE or E to the GPCR receptor, Galphaq seperates from the beta and gama subunits to initiate the action of phospholipase C to cleave PIP2 to DAG and IP3. IP3 then associates with intracellular calcium channels on the ER to increase calcium ion levels in the cell. The calcium ions then assoicate with calmodulin to form a calcium/calmodulin unit that activates myosin light chain kinase (MCLK). MCLK then phosporylates myosin heads to initiate smooth muscle contraction. In the presence of tamsulosin, a alpha-1 receptor antagonist, tamsulosin binds to the alpha-1 receptor and blocks the binding of norepinphrine or epinephrine (activation by the sympathetic nervous system). By blocking this receptor, tamsulosin prevents signaling at the alpha-1 receptor and therefore prevents smooth muscle contraction of the internal spincter and the urethra. Such prevention reduces urinary retention due to relaxation of the spincter and urethra and increases urinary flow to treat the symptoms of LUTS associated with BPH.
720543380	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a reversible, orthoseteric antagonist of alpha-1 adrenergic receptors located in the internal spincter of the urethra/bladder. Under normal phsyiological conditions, when alpha-1 adrengeric receptors are stimulated by their agonist, NE, they are GCPRs of the sympathetic nervous system connected to G alpha q which causes the increase of Ca+2 which binds to MLCK (Myosin like calicum kinase) which cause muscle contraction of the internal spincter. When the internal sphincter undergoes muscle contraction, this holds urine inside the bladder and prevents the bladder from emptying. Tamsulosin is an antagonist, so blocks the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor in the internal sphincter and prevents muscle contraction, allowing the spinchter to relax. This allows urine to be released from the bladder, which helps patients who are suffering from lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) from BPH and are having a hard time emptying their bladder.
730305293	Tamsulosin is an Alpha-1 receptor anatagonist. The Alpha-1 receptor, which is a GPCR with alpha-q subunit, can be found all over the body, but in treating LUTS associated with BPH we care mostly concerned about these receptors that are located on the internal urethral sphincter. Normally norepinephrine (NE) would bind to this receptor and causes an increase in activity which leads to this GPCR with alpha-q subunit to be bound by GTP instead of GDP. This then goes on to activate PIP2 in the cellular membrane to form IP3 and DAG, which can bind to endoplasmic reticulums in the cell which release calicum upon binding. This calcium then binds to calmodulin which activates mysoin, leading to smooth muscle contraction. This prevents urination by keeping the sphincter closed. By preventing norepinephrine (NE) from binding this GPCR, its activity at this receptor is decreased through the forementioned cascade, which leads to a decrease in smooth muscle contraction and therefore it makes it easier to urinate. This helps to alleviate symptoms of LUTS associated with BPH, such as the inability to urniate and hesitancy, as the internal urethral sphincter can now be opened.
730011523	Tamsulosin is a antagonist for mAChR in the walls of the bladder. Normally mAChR is activated by the parasympathetic nervous system and binds acetylcholine which causes the bladder walls to relax and urine to exit the bladder. To prevent overactive bladder in LUTS patients an antagonist of mAChR is needed to prevent acetylcholine from binding, tamsulosin will prevent the bladder walls from relaxing by blocking the mAChR in the bladder wall so relaxation can no longer be stimulated; therefore reducing the symptoms of LUTS in BPH patients.
730335668	Tamsulosin is an antagonist of the alpha A1 receptor, a GCPR located in the smooth muscle cells of the penis. It binds its target receptor to inhibit the binding of angiotensin, which in normal physiology stimulates the G alpha q subunit and creates striction in the muscles. The use of an antagonist such as tamsulosin is to lessen this striction by preventing the binding of angiotensin, allowing for relaxation of the smooth muscle that allows for normal urine output.
730003873	Tamsulosin is an antagonist of the alpha-1 receptor, an adrenergic receptor located in the smooth muscle cells of the urethral sphincter. In normal physiology, activating this receptor leads to a tightening of the sphincter and incresaed urinary retention. Antagonizing this receptor leads to decreased sympathetic tone and relaxation of the sphincter muscles. Patients with BPH often experience urinary retention due to increased pressure placed on the urethra from an enlarged prostate. Relaxation of the sphincter muscles treats the LUTS (lower urinary tract symptoms) associated with BPH.
730338780	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha1 adrenergic receptor antagonist targeting receptors located on the smooth muscle sphincter of the bladder. Typically, binding of these receptors causes an increase in calcium and subsequent intracellular MLCK increase, leading to contraction and constriction of the sphincter. By antagonizing and inhibiting these receptors, this promotes relaxation of the smooth muscle allowing the patient to urinate easier.
730309028	(1) The pharmacologic role of tamsulosin is an reversible cholinergic agonist and (2) its drug target is the muscarinic ACh receptor and it is located on the smooth muscle cells of the . (3) The target&#39;s normal role in physiology is that it is activated by the binding of acetylcholine to the muscarinic ACh receptor, which stimulates GI motility and . and (4) the therapeutic effects produced include the reduction of symptoms associated with BPH and male pattern baldness.
730337566	Tamsulosin is an inhibitor of the mAChR found in the smooth muscle cells of the bladder&#39;s internal urethral sphincter, which is controlled by the sympathetic nervous system. In normal physiology, norepinephrine (NE) binds to the GPCR mAChR and causes constriction of the smooth muscle cells by means of Gq, increasing levels of calcium in the smooth muscle cells and causing them to contract. Instead, tamsulosin is a competitive inhibitor to NE, preventing the binding of NE to mAChR and relaxation of the bladder&#39;s internal urethral sphincter to allow urination.
730305078	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the alpha1 andrenergic receptor (a1AR) in the internal urethral sphincter muscle. Normally, norepinephrine binds to a1AR, a GPCR, to activate it. This leads to activation of Galphaq which activates phospholipase C to make IP3 and DAG from PIP2. IP3 activates calcium channels on the endoplasmic reticulum to allow calcium release into the cytoplasm where it can bind to calmodulin and activate myosin light chain kinase to increase smooth muscle contraction in the internal urethral sphincter. As an antagonist of a1AR, tamsulosin blocks norepinephrine from binding to inhibit the cascade that leads to sphincter contraction. This alleviates the urethral stricture caused by benign prostatic hyperplasia through muscle relaxation to increase urine flow/improve the lower urinary tract symptoms associated with it.
730341594	Tamsulosin is an 5-alpha adrenergic receptor inhibitor. 5-alpha adrenergic receptors are located in smooth muscle cells, such as the bladder wall and sphincter. 5-alpha adrenergic receptors are normally activated by norepinephrine, which is secreted when the sympathetic nervous system is activated. Receptor activation causes smooth muscle constiction in the sphincter. Excessive spasms of this sphincter can lead to the symptoms that are characteristic of LUTS. By inhibiting this protein, tamsulosin prevents smooth muscle constriction in the sphincter, promotes dilation instead, and therefore, relieves the patient of LUTS.
720433193	tamsulosin (Flomax) Alpha-adrengeric 1 blocker, works on the alpha-adrenergic 1 receptor (where tamsulosin works as an antagonist); adrenergic = controlled by the sympathetic NS (normally) Normally norepinephrine binds onto the GPCR (alpha-adrengergic 1 receptor -- or alpha 1 receptor) and induces a conformation change intracellularly on smooth muscles, such as the bladder. This conformation change is when Gaq binds to GTP (after dissociating from GDP) and the beta and gamma subunits separate together as well. The Gaq + GTP help to stimulate phospholipase C, which helps to breakdown PIP2 to IP3 and DAG. IP3 goes to the endoplasmic reticulum to bring in calcium intracellularly, which then the calcium binds to calmodulin. DAG also helps to bring in calcium and and activates the MLCK. This calmodulin-calcium complex helps to increase the MLCK which causes smooth muscle contractions (such as the sympathetic nervous system causing contractions on the bladder). By inhibiting this using tamsulosin, the smooth muscle relaxes, which helps to decrease in urethral strictures caused by BPH. Pearl - the use of tamsulosin needs to be monitored because syncope can occur within a few hours of dosing.
730005239	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an inhibitor/blocker of the alpha 1 andrenergic receptor, which is primarily located in the smooth muscle, specifically around the urethra. Normally, the alpha 1 andrenergic receptor is activated by NE and leads to sympathetic constriction of the urethra which causes decreased urine flow (an LUTS associated with BPH). Being an alpha 1 andrenergic receptor blocker, tamsulosin inhibits NE binding to the receptor, which leads to less consitriction of the urethra and increased urine flow.
730014075	tamsulosin is a competitive antagonist of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor located on the external sphincter of the bladder. The external sphincter&#39;s role in normal physiology is to sympathetically control urine output through relaxation of the muscle. When tamsulosin binds to the AR receptors, it causes the sphincter to relax so urine can be excreted.
730009068	Tamsulosin (brand name Flomax) is an antagonist of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor (a-1AR). a-1AR is located in most cells but especially in the internal urethral sphincter of the bladder. It normally causes contraction of the interal urethral sphincter. When tamsulosin blocks a-1AR, it inhibits contraction of the internal urethral sphincter, restoring normal urinary outflow. This helps to cure the urinary outflow retention/resistance associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia.
730081905	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an orthosteric, reversible alpha-1 adrengeric receptor antagonist. Tamsulosin&#39;s target is the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor found (specifically concerning BPH treatment) on the smooth muscle of the internal urethral sphincter. The alpha-1 adrenergic receptor normally binds NE to become activated and signals through Gq to increase intracellular Ca2+ levels, which activates MLCK, and leads to vasoconstriction of the internal urethral sphincter. By acting as an antagonist of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor, tamsulosin blocks activation, which promotes vasodilation of the internal urethral sphincter, making it easier to urinate and alleviating some of the LUTS symptoms that are associated with an enlarged prostate in BPH.
730012332	Tamsulosin (Flomax) competitive orthosteric reversible antagonist the drugs target is the alpha adrenergic receptor type 1 on the internal urinary spincter, but it is also present on various smooth muscle. In normal physiology Norepinephrine binds to the adrenergic receptor type 1 and induces contraction to the urinary spinchter, this is done through the fact that the receptor is a GPCR that is coupled to G alpha q, which activates phospholipase C, phospholipase C activates PIP2. PIP2 is then hydrolyzed into IP3 and DAG. IP3 binds to the sarcoplasmic reticulum in order to make it more permeable to calcium ions, DAG exhibits the same action by activating protein kinase C. The release of calcium from intracellular stores into the cytoplasm leads to calcium binding to calmodulin to create this calcium calmodulin complex which activate myosin like kinase chain(MLKC), which phosphorylates myosin so that it can interact with actin to induce smooth muscle contraction. This smooth muscle contraction in this case in the internal urinary spincher. Tamsulosin is indicated in treating LUTS with BPH, because BPH places pressure on the urethra which creates resistance when trying to empty the bladder. Binding of the this receptor allows the internal sphincter to relax so that the patient may empty their bladder.
730351906	tamsulosin&#39;s (Flomax) drug class is an alpha 1-adrenergic receptor (alpha 1-AR) antagonist. tamsulosin is a competitive, reversible antagonist. The drug&#39;s target is alpha 1-adrenergic receptor on smooth muscle (peripheral vasculature or urethral sphincter). The target&#39;s role in normal physiology is that norepinephrine (NE), which is an endogenous agonist of alpha 1-AR, binds to the receptor and activates Gaq. Gaq increases intercellular Ca2+ which activates myosin-like chain kinases (MLCK) which stimulates smooth muscle contraction. tamsulosin is used to treat lower urinary tract symptoms of BPH. tamsulosin inhibits the alpha 1-AR and causes smooth muscle vasodilation which causes the prostate to decrease in size which increases urinary output.
730012793	Tamsulosin is an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist (alpha-1 blocker) that acts on the alpha-1 adrenergic receptors located in the urinary sphincter and the peripheral vasculature. Normally, norepinephrine binds to the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor and stimulates G-alpha-q. This causes an increase in the secondary messengers, IP3 and DAG, leading to an increase in intracellular calcium levels. High calcium ion levels along with CAM activate MCLK, which in turn activates myosin and causes smooth muscle contraction. In individuals with BPH, this leads to LUTS. As an alpha-1 blocker, tamsulosin prevents the activation of G-alpha-q, and thus promotes smooth muscle relaxation.
720501213	Tamsulosin is a ireversible antagonist. It targets the alpha 1 receptors, which is a GPCR found of the smooth muscles cells of the male reproductive system. In the normal physiology norepinephrine binds to the alpha 1 recpetor activativing the Gq protein, which then activates PIP. After the activation of PIP, it then goes on to activarte IP3 and DAG. IP3 will bind to the sacroplasmic recticulum, making it it permeable to calcium. Calcium will enter the cytoplasm and bind to caloudium forming a calcium-caloudium complex. The calcium-caloudium complex will them bind to myosin like kinase. Addtionally, DAG also stimulates the permeability of Ca to the cytoplams to form the calcium-caloudium complex. Upon the activation of MLK, it will activate myosin and actin, which both will cause the contraction of the smooth muscle cell. Tamsulosin will bind orthosterically to the alpha 1 receptor and prevent its activitivity. In doing so, tamsulosin reduces the contraction of smooth muscle cells, and reduces the urge for urination.
730339832	Tamsulosin is an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist indicated to relieve bladder tension associated with increased urethral pressure due to BPH. The alpha-1 AR is located primarily in smooth muscle cells throughout the body, and tamsulosin in particular has therapeutic effects by acting on the internal urethral sphincter smooth muscle tissue. Normally, the internal urethral sphincter is innervated by the sympathetic nervous system and has basal muscle tone due to norepinephrine agonizing the alpha-1 AR to activate Gq, which cleaves PIP2 to form IP3 and DAG, upregulates the activity of PKC intracellularly leading to Ca2+ influx from the ER and subsequent activation of MLCK to maintain smooth muscle contractility. During bladder emptying, sympathetic input is reduced to relax this muscle and allow urine to flow through the urethra, however in BPH the increased pressure results in urinary retention, so antagonizing the alpha-1 AR allows for complete relaxation of the internal urethral sphincter and normal urine flow.
730300837	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha-1 blocker; it is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptors located in the internal urethral sphincter. In normal physiology, the alpha-1 adrenergic receptors of the internal urethral sphincter are activated by the sympathetic nervous system neurotransmitter norepinephrine (the hormone epinephrine can also activate the receptor). Upon activation, these GPCRs coupled to Gq cause a cascade of signaling that results in contraction of the smooth muscle of the sphincter, preventing voiding. This cascade is characterized by Gq activating phospolipase C (PLC), which then converts PIP2 to IP3 and DAG. DAG activates protein kinase C (PKC), and the combined actions of PKC and IP3 cause calcium ions to be released from the sarcoplasmic reticulum. In the cytoplasm, calcium ions bind calmodulin, which then activates myosin light chain kinase (MLCK). MLCK activates myosin light chain, which can now interact with actin to cause smooth muscle contraction. The blocking of alpha-1 adrenergic receptors by tamsulosin prevents contraction of the internal urethral sphincter, thereby helping to relieve the lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) caused by urethral sphincter constriction due to BPH.
730169512	tamsulosin is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the alpha 1 andergeric receptor. The drug target is usually found on the muscle cells of the vasculatures. Normally, when the muscle cells receive a signal from epinerphirne, that leads to the activation of the GCPR, which leads to the release of Gq, which then leads to the release of ca2+, which activates mysoin and leads to muscle contraction, and eventually leading to vasconstriction and stops emptying. Patients with BPH are not able to empty well and increased resistance in the vasculatre, so patients use tamsulosin to block that process from happening and to allow for vasocdilation of the vasculatures to allow for emptying.
730004785	The pharmcologic role of tamsulosin (Flomax) is an antagonist and its target is the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor which is located on smooth muscle cells. In normal physiology, the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor is bound by norepinephrine and ultimately leads to vasoconstriction. When tamsulosin acts as an antagonist, it reduces the sympathic tone of the musculature surrounding the prosate which provides relief from the symptoms of BPH.
730338642	Tamsulosin or Flomax acts as an reversible orthosteric inhibitor of androgen receptors to treat LUTS associated with BPH, which ultimately results in urinary retention and smooth muscle relaxation of the bladder and internal sphincters. Flomax targets androgen receptors which normally converts estrogens to androgens. By blocking this action, there is a decrease in testosterone leading to the relaxation of smooth muscle cells. Normally, testosterone acts on the epithelial cells of the bladder. In BPH, there is anh overgrowth of these cells leading to excess androgenic growth on the prostate. This excess growth causes increased pressure urinanry hesitancy. Hence, the inhibition of androgens will stop the overgrowth.
730305018	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist for the alpha-1 adrenergic receptors. Norepinephrine is the endogenous ligand for the alpha-1 adrenergic receptors which are GPCR&#39;s bound to Gq, and they are found on the internal urethral sphincter. Binding of norepinephrine, which is released when the sympathetic nervous system is activated, causes increased levels of DAG, IP3, and Ca2+. Ca2+ ultimately activates MLCK which causes smooth muscle cell contraction and prevents the bladder from emptying. Blocking the receptor&#39;s activity would therefore decrease the sympathetic tone leading to LUTS associated with BPH such as incomplete urination and urinary hesitation.
730308957	(1) Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a reversible, competitive antagonist (2) The target is adrenergic receptor of the SNS and the location is the internal urethral sphincter (3) Normally, NE binds to AR and causes the internal urethral sphincter to contract, but since it is a part of the SNS it is always &quot;on.&quot; (4) LUTS associated with BPH causes spasmodic urinary symptoms and urinary dysfunction. Tamsulosin binds to AR, blocking NE action on the internal urethral sphincter, allowing the sphincter to relax for normal urinary emptying.
730300665	Tamsulosin (Flomax) helps to relieve lower urinary tract symptoms associated with BPH by acting as an inhibitor of the muscarinic receptors (MAchR) in the smooth muscle of the urethra. The API is tamsulosin. BPH is when the prostate enlarges and causes the urine to not be fully excreted from the bladder due to the new blockage. Acetycholine typically binds to MAchR and causes Gaq to release calcium that stimulates muscle contraction of the urethral sphincter. Tamuslosin inhibits this action and stops the smooth muscle from contracting, allowing more urine to leave the bladder and thus, decreasing LUTS.
730090428	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a acetylcholine receptor antagonist. The drug&#39;s target is the acetylcholine receptor in the urethral stricture. In normal physiology, acetylcholine binds to the acetylcholine receptor and causes smooth muscle contraction with increased levels of cAMP in the cell. Tamsulosin binds to the acetylcholine receptor and blocks its activity, leading to decreased smooth muscle contraction of the urethra.
730356527	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a reversible competitive antagonist of the 5-(alpha)reductase in the prostate. In normal physiology, benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) is characterized by enlargement of the prostate gland due to elevated levels of dihydrotestosterone (DHT) which is converted from testosterone by the 5-(alpha)reductase enzyme. Tamsulosin reduces the conversion of testosterone to DHT by binding to the 5-(alpha)reductase enzyme and lowering the levels of DHT. This will cause the prostate to decrease in size, which will alleviate symptoms of lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) such as urinary retention caused by constriction of the lower involuntary sphincter of the bladder and constriction of the urethra.
730013843	1) Tamsulosin is a competitive alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist. 2) The alpha-1 adrenergic receptor is a GPCR located on the smooth muscle cells surrounding the urethra. 3) Normally, sympathetic activation of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptors by norepinephrine leads to signaling via G-alpha q, which activates PLC to cleave PIP2 into IP3 and DAG, which leads to increased intracellular calcium which binds to calmodulin, and the Ca2+-calmodulin complex binds to MLCK which increases smooth muscle cell contraction. In lower urinary tract symptoms associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia, this sympathetic activation/ contraction of the urethra smooth muscle cells makes urination more difficult. 4) By acting as an antagonist on the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor, tamsulosin is blocking the sympathetic constriction of the smooth muscle cells surrounding the urethra in preventing G-alpha q signaling, therefore leading to relaxation of those muscles and permitting urination.
730094799	Tamsulosin is an alpha 2 adrenergic receptor antagonist. The a-2 adrenergic receptor is a GPCR coupled to G-alpha-q and is located in smooth muscle cells of the urethral sphincter of the bladder. Normally, norepinephrine is released by the sympathetic autonomic nervous system which binds the adrenergic receptor, causing sequesterization of calcium ions and the activation of MLCK, ultimately leading to smooth muscle contraction. Tamsulosin blocks receptor activity, leading to smooth muscle relaxation and bladder emptying, relieving symptoms of LUTS associated with BPH.
730340514	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an antagonist of the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor (a1AR) found on the smooth muscle cells of the internal urethral sphincter of the bladder (throughout the body, but therapeutic effect here). Normally, norepinephrine (NE) from sympathtic neurons binds to the a1AR to activate it; signaling through Gaq to increase intracellular [Ca2+],which then binds to calmodulin and together activate the myosin light chain kinase to cause smooth muscle contraction in the internal urethral sphincter, keeping it tightly closed. As an antagonist, tamsulosin blocks NE from binding to and activating the a1AR, thus reducing the sympathetic tone causing contraction of the sphincter smooth muscle cells, allowing them to relax and reducing urine flow resistance (LUTS) associated with BPH.
730004256	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an antagonist of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor and is known as a AR-1 Blocker. Tamsulosin binds orthosterically to the AR-1 receptor on the internal urethral spincter within the bladder that is controlled by sympathetic tone. In normaly physiology, Norepinephrine binds to the AR-1 receptor to activate Galpha(q) which activates phospholipase C to increase levels of IP3 and DAG to increase levels of Ca2+. Ca2+ then binds to Calmodulin and activates MLCK (myosin light chain kinase) to initiate smooth muscle contraction. This smooth muscle contraction of the internal urethral sphincter makes it difficult to urinate. Tamsulosin orthosterically binds to the AR-1 Receptor and blocks the activity of NE to prevent smooth muscle contraction. This decreases contraction of the internal urethral sphincter and decreases lower urinary tract symptoms, such as slow stream and hesitancy to urinate, associated with BPH.
720158983	Tamsulosin is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the adrenergic receptors on the smooth muscle cells of the urethral sphincter. Normally, when norepinephrine binds to the adrenergic receptors, the G-alpha-q subunit of the GPCR is activated, which leads to activation of IP3 and DAG and an increase in intracellular calcium. This increase in calcium activates MLCK, which activates myosin and causes muscle contraction. By blocking norepinephrine from binding to the adrenergic receptor, tamsulosin inhibits contraction of the urethral sphincter, which improves urinary flow and relieves LUTS associated with BPH.
730364730	Tamsulosin is a cholinergic agonist that targets smooth muscle cells on bladder walls. Usually cholinergic agonists will bind to stimulate the G alpha q pathway to activate phospholipase C, which leads to an increase in calcium concentration, which will then also increase smooth muscle contraction. This will work on the parasympathetic nervous system, which causes the bladder to empty. The agonist works in the same way by enhancing this process so that it can help people with BPH urinate easily.
730304969	Tamsulosin is a competitive and reversible antagonist of alpha 1 adrenergic receptors on the internal urethral sphincter. Typically, norepinephrine binds to the alpha 1 adrenergic receptors on the internal urethral sphincter to activate the GPCR Gq. This would cause an increase in intracellular Ca which would then allow for myosin light chains to interact with actin and cause a smooth muscle contraction. This smooth muscle contraction would cause the internal urethral sphincter to close and prevent urine emptying from the bladder.Tamsulosin binds to the a1 adregenric receptor and prevents the binding of norepinephrine which therefore reduces internal urethral tone. Tamsulosin is therefor used to treat symptoms of BPH by reducing sympathetic tone of the internal urethral sphincter.
730338011	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a reversible antagonist of the alpha-1 andrenergic receptor, which is located in the smooth muscle cells of the urethral sphincter and the peripheral vasculature. Alpha-1 ARs are GPCRs that are bound to a G-alpha q subunit. In normal physiology, alpha-1 ARs are bound by norepinephrine, which initiates a signaling cascade in the smooth muscle cells, ultimately leading to calcium binding to calmodulin, which is then able to cause contraction of the smooth muscle cells. This leads to vasoconstriction and constriction of the urethral sphincter. In BPH, the size of the prostate compresses the urethra and can make urination difficult. Tamsulosin binds to the alpha-1 AR and prevents its activation by norepinephrine. This promotes relaxation of the urethral sphincter and decreases the compression on the urethra, allowing for easier urination in patients suffering from LUTS due to BPH.
730364567	Tamsulosin is an antagonist for the sympathetic afferent nerves in the walls of the Intestinal sphincter. Normally, the sympathetic afferent nerves will constrict the internal sphincter of the urinary tract in order to prevent urine from leaking out of the bladder, however, the overgrowth of the prostate tissue can lead to increased pressure on the ureter, resulting in a restriction on the urine flow and causing urinary retention. By blocking the sympathetic nerves, the internal sphincter will relax, allowing the urine to flow out.
730301186	Tamsulosin is an alpha 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist. The alpha 1 adrenergic receptor is on the urinary sphincter. The urinary sphincter is innervated by the sympathetic nervous system. When the receptor is activated by it&#39;s ligands, epinephrine or norepinephrine, in the sympathetic nervous system, it causes sphincter contraction or constriction to block urine flow from the bladder. The receptor is a GPCR coupled to G alpha q, so when it&#39;s ligand binds, protein lipase C is activated cleaving PIP3 to IP2 and DAG. These open Ca2+ channels for the influx of calcium ions. Calcium binds to calmodulin and activates myosin light chain kinase (MLCK). MLCK then activates myosin which causes smooth muscle contraction. Tamsulosin is an antagonist to the receptor, binding loosely and blocking the ligand from binding, so the sphincter remains relaxed and allows urine flow out of the bladder to relieve LUTS involved in benign prostatic hyperplasia.
730345314	Tamsulosin or Flomax is an alpha 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist which is located on the urethral internal sphincter. In normal physiology norepinephrine binds to the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor which causes a downstream effect (Summarized: G-alpha-q --&gt; PLC --&gt; IP3 + DAG --&gt; muscle contraction) that leads to muscle contraction of the sphicter contributing to the LUTS associated with BPH. When tamsulosin binds it antagonizes the effect of the receptor which causes the sphincter to relax and therefore causing bladder emptying decreasing the LUTS associated with BPH.
730306008	Tamsulosin is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of alpha-1 adrenergic receptors(alpha-1 AR). Alpha-1 adrenergic receptors are GPCR receptors located in the bladder sphincter. Normally, noepinephrine is the endogenous hormone that couple with the alpha-1 AR and actiate its G alpha q subunit. This leads to increased intracellular calcium ion concentration which activates MLCK, and causes the internal bladder sphincter to contract. As an anatagonist, Tamsulosin binds to alpha-1 AR to inhibit the contraction of the internal bladder sphincter and help alleviate LUTS associated with BPH.
730170040	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a competitive, reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the adrenergic receptor (AR1.) It works to target AR1 mostly in the muscle of the bladder wall, although adrenergic receptors are actually found everywhere in the body. Tamsulosin mainly works to inhibit the GPCR&#39;s Gq action to prevent activation of phospholipase C, which in turn eventually activates IP3 and DAG, which act both directly and indirectly to release calcium from the SR and eventually cause contraction of the bladder wall. Tamsulosin stops the contraction of the bladder wall in order to alleviate some of the LUTS associated with BPH, more to treat the exacerbation from BPH rather than actually treat BPH.
730335117	Tamsulosin is an antagonist of alfa-1 adrenergic receptor(alfa-1 AR), which is a GPCR Galfaq locating in bladder sphincter. Normally norepinephrine binds to alfa-1 AR, activates Galfaq, increase cellular calcium, activates MLCK and thus leads to muscle constriction. As an antagonist, tamsulosin inhibits activation of alfa-1 AR, causing bladder sphincter muscle relaxation and empty urine, which treats LUTS associat4ed with BPH.
730075914	Tamsulosin is a competitive alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist which controls the internal urethral sphincter of the bladder. Normally the receptor (a GPCR) is activated by norepinephrine through the sympathetic nervous system and stimulates via the G-alpha q pathway to increase IP3, DAG and Ca2+ which associates with CaM to activate MLCK to activate myosin heads to increase contractility. Contraction leads to the closure of the internal urethral sphincter which prevents bladder emptying. Tamsulosin competitively binds to the receptor to prevent activation leading to relaxation and bladder emptying which helps to treat LUTS associated with BPH.
730300294	Tamsulosin, or Flomax, is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of Alpha 1 Adrenergic Receptor. Normally, Alpha 1 Adrenergic receptor is bound by norepinephrine and activated. This leads to activation of a GPCR through G alpha q. G alpha q activated PLC which begins the cascade of first activating PIP2, then activing DAG and IP3. DAG and IP3 are the second messengers. These second messengers increase the intracellular calcium, which binds to calmodulin, and activates myosin light chain kinase. MLCK activated myosin which causes muscle contraction. In this case, the muscle contraction occurs at the internal urethra sphincter. Additionally, there are Alpha 1 Adrenergic Receptors located throughout the peripherial vasculature, which can cause the side effect of hypotension through vasodilation. Tamsulosin blocks this activity of Alpha 1 Adrenergic Receptor, leading to decreased levels of intracellular calcium, and therefore no activation of the MLCK. This in turn makes it easier for patients to urinate by relaxing the internal urethral sphincter. Hesitancy and incomplete emptying are both LUTS symptoms that occur when hyperplasia in the prostaste from BPH causes increased pressure on the urethra.
730296888	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptors (A1 ARs) located on the smooth muscle cells of the bladder&#39;s internal urethral sphincter. Normally, norepinephrine (NE) binds alpha-1 adrenergic receptors on post-synaptic sympathetic neurons, causing contraction of the internal urethral sphincter. As an A1 AR antagonist, tamsulosin blocks endogenous NE from binding to A1 ARs, decreasing contraction of the internal urethral sphincter, thereby reducing urethral resistance and lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH).
730222792	Tamsulosin [Flomax] is a cholinergic reversible inhibitor of the mACh receptors found within the urethal spinchter and urinary smooth muscle cells. Normally aceytlcholine binds to the mACh receptors as part of the parsayphtec nervous system to facilitate contraction of the urethal spinchter to close and retain urine in the bladder. When tamsulosin binds to mACh receptors it inhibits the natrual ligand from binding and cause the relaxation of the urethal spinchter which aids in lessening some of the effects of LUTS associated with BPH.
730014819	Tamsulosin is an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist at the lower internal urethral sphincter of the bladder. The alpha-1 AR is a GPCR coupled to a Gq and normally upon binding to norepinephrine will result in an increase in IP3, DAG and calcium to stimulate MLCK and initiate spincter contraction. Tamsulosin blocks norepinephrine binding to prevent sphincter contraction and urinary outlet resistance in the treatment of LUTS associated with BPH.
730000406	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha receptor blocker that works as an inhibitor. It targets alpha receptors that are located in the vasculature. In normal physiology, these receptors receive parasympathetic signals which initiate bladder emptying. Tamsulosin works by preventing smooth muscle contraction in the bladder to prevent LUTS associated with BPH, such as frequent bladder emptying.
730336626	Tamsulosin, brand name Flowmax, is an competative antagonist of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor (A-1AR )on the internal urethral spincter. In normal physiology, the sympathetic nervous system enervates the smooth muscle cells on the internal urethral spincter to allow for control of the spincter opening to allow urine to flow. This process occurs by activation of the A-1AR by norepinephrine/epinephrine, which leads to increased intracellular concentrations of Calcium, which activates the myosin light chain kinase to trigger muscle contraction. In diseased states, the smooth muscle on the sphincter is receiving too much sympathetic stimulation, which causes increased contraction and decreased urine flow. Tamsulosin treatment creates a competative inhibition for A-1AR, and decreases the activation of the receptor. The inhibition leads to decreased levels of intracellular calcium, which in turn does not activate smooth muscle contration, and allows for muscle relaxation. Smooth muscle relaxation on the internal urethral sphincter allows for improved urine flow.
730163464	Tamsulosin (brand name: Flomax) is a alpha 1 andregenic receptor (AR) antagonist. The alpha 1 AR is found on urinary tract peripheral tissue cells and, in normal physiology, works to contract smooth muscle and control/manage urinary output. In terms of the pathophysiology of BPH, the enlarged prostate already puts pressure on the tissue, leading to a decrease or even cessation of urinary flow. By blocking the alpha 1 AR, tamsulosin promotes smooth muscle relaxation, allowing urine to more easily pass and preventing urinary issues associated with BPH.
730309616	Tamsulosin is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of adrenergic receptors on the internal urethral sphincter. Normally, adrenergic receptors bind epinephrine, which triggers the Galpha-q subunit to phosphorylate IP2 to IP3 and ultimately leads to increased Ca2+ release. The Ca2+ released causes smooth muscle contraction. By blocking epinephrine from binding to the adrenergic receptors, tamsulosin prevents smooth muscle contraction and allows for the inner urethral sphincter to relax.
730004713	Tamsulosin is an competitive antagonist of the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor. The drug targets alpha 1 adrenergic receptors located in the lower urinary tract. In normal physiology, substrate (epinephrine or norepinephrine) binding to these receptors would cause sympathetic nervous system activitation. As a result, vasoconstriction occurs, which increases the symptoms of LUTS associated with BPH. When tamsulosin binds the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor, normal substrate binding of epinephrine or norepinephrine binding to the receptor is blocked, which prevents sympathetic nervous system activity, decreasing vasoconstriction and alleviating LUTS associated with BPH.
730324249	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is used to treat LUTS associated with BPH by acting as a alpha 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist on the smooth muscle cells of the urethral sphincter. Normally, the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor is activated by norepinephrine and signals through a G-protein coupled receptor through the G alpha q. The activation of G-q stimulates the release of calcium ions into the cell which activate MLCK and leads to vasoconstriction of the urethral spincter to keep the bladder from emptying. However, with the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor antgonist, tamsulosin (Flomax), inhibits this pathway which allows for vasodialation of the urethral sphincter and bladdar emptying to relieve the lower uriniary tract symptoms associated with BPH.
730305081	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist located in the smooth muscle cells of the prostate. Normally, norepinephrine activates the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor. It acts via G-alpha-q to increase intracellular Ca2+ levels, which leads to activation of MLCK and ultimately results smooth muscle contraction. As an antagonist, tamsulosin blocks the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor, thus lessening the vasoconstriction associated with alpha 1 adrenergic receptor activation. Ultimatley, this vasodilation helps alleviate LUTS associated with BPH, specifically the increased output resistance in this case.
730338500	1) Flomax (tamsulosin) is an Alpha1 Adrenergic Receptor Antagonist. 2) Its target is the Alpha 1 Adrenergic receptor in the smooth muscle cells of the internal urethral sphincter. 3) In normal physiology, Acetylcholine binds to the M1 receptor, a GPCR, which leads to the stimulation of the Galpha-q. This subunit upregulates IP3 and DAG, allowing Ca2+ channels to open and leads to constriction of the internal urethral sphincter. 4) Flomax antagonizes the binding of Norepinephrine to the A1AR and causes sequestering of the Ca2+ allowing the relaxation of the smooth muscles. It allows for patients with LUTS who often have hesitency to urinate.
730013201	Tamsulosin is a reversible inhibitor of muscarinic receptors (mAChR), which are expressed in the smooth muscle cells of the bladder wall. Normally, mAChR is a GPCR bound to its endogenous ligand, acetylcholine, which activates Gaq pathway to increase intracellular Ca2+ and activate MLCK, thus contracting bladder muscle contraction. BPH patients experience LUTS due to prostatic tissues pressing on their urinary tract. By binding to mAChRs, tamsulosin inhibits ACh from activating the Gaq pathway, so it relaxes the bladder wall and relieves LUTS.
720517743	Inhibitor Adrenergic receptors located within prostatic tissues. Receptors bind norepinephrine which induces and increase in intracellular calcium, thus causing contraction of smooth muscle. Blocking contraction pathways prevents smooth muscle contraction and allows for ease of urination.
730341519	1. Tamsulosin is an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor inhibitor. 2. The alpha-1 adrenergic receptor is a GPCR that is located on the smooth muscle cells of the internal urethral sphincter. 3. Normally, the sympathetic nervous system would stimulate the alpha-1 AR GPCR. The alpha-1 AR then activates Gaq which activates PLC. PLC converts PIP2 to DAG and IP3 that lead to Ca2+ release into the cytoplasm. This has the further downstream effect of activating smooth muscle contraction. This contraction of the internal sphincter of the urethra is what contributes to lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) that are associated with BPH such as difficult urination. 4. Tamsulosin inhibits the alpha-1 AR, blocking it from receiving signals from the sympatheitc system. This then prevents the smooth muscle contraction of the internal urethra and reduces LUTS.
730349484	Tamsulosin is a reversible antagonist of the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor. Nomally epinephrine or norepinephrine would bind to the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor that is coupled to Gq. This would then stimulate an PLC to create IP3 that would then increase calcium levels. Calcium then binds to calmodulin, activates MLCK and myosin heads, leading to smooth muscle contractions of the internal urethral sphincter. Tamsulosin works as an antagonist to the adrenergic receptor which would result in a decrease of released calcium, and decreased muscle contraction of this internal sphincter. By decreasing the smooth muscle contraction, BPH can be controlled, and urinary continence will be restored.
730300545	Tamsulosin acts as an inhibitor. The drug&#39;s target is located and expressed in the testes and prostate but is also expressed in the liver, kidney, pituitary gland, skeletal muscle, myocardium. The drug&#39;s target is an ACE inhibitor. The target&#39;s role in normal physiology includes inhibiting the
730304972	Tamsulosin is the API for the drug Flomax. Tamsulosin is an alpha 1 adrenergic receptor blocker (antagonist). This receptor is typically found on smooth muscle cells in the bladder wall (specifically the urethral sphincter). Normally, alpha 1 adrenergic receptors are activated by norepinephrine (NE). When the natural ligand binds the receptor it couples with G alpha q to increase intracellular cAMP levels that activate MLCK and cause smooth muscle contraction. Tamsulosin is used to treat BPH and the LUTS associated with BPH. Tamsulosin prevents the activation of the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor by its natural ligand and prevents smooth muscle contractions common in the disease BPH. Specifically, tamsulosin works by preventing the urthetral stricture issues associated with LUTS. However, tamsulosin and the other alpha 1 adrenergic receptor blocker (doxazosin) can lead to orthostatic hypotension.
730304973	tamsulosin (Flomax) 1. It is an alpha-1-adrenergic Receptor (A1AR) antagonist, reversible. 2. It&#39;s location is the uretheral spinchter in this case. It uses GPCR&#39;s. 3. The endogenous ligand is Norepinephrine. It uses Gaq to increase intracellular Ca2+, which activates MLCK, which causes smooth muscle contractions. 4. As an A1AR antagonist it inhibits the activity at the A1AR. It reduces the sympathetic tone of the urethral stricture. Allowing the patient to be able to urinate. It decreases a symptom of BPH which causes the patient to be unable to fully urinate.
730012843	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a competitive inhibitor of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor in smooth muscle cells. The alpha-1 adrenergic receptor is coupled with G-alpha-q and is usually activated by norepinephrine. Activation of this receptor by norepinephrine leads to a cascade of events that eventually leads to increased MLCK and activation of myosin. Increased MLCK and activation of myosin can lead to smooth muscle contraction, diversion of blood (which would increase blood pressure), and closure of a sphincter. Tamsulosin competes with norepinephrine to bind to the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor, and once tamsulosin binds to the receptor, this decreases the sympathetic tone on the urethral stricture, which is commonly associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia.
730324303	1) Tamslosin (Flomax) is an Alpha 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist 2) Its target is the Alpha 1 adrenergic receptor locating on the smooth muscle cells of the bladder internal sphincter 3) The alpha 1 adrenergic receptor on the internal sphincter is controlled by the sympathetic nervous system. It is a GPCR and bound by norepinephrine which activates the Gq pathway. When activated, Gq turns on downstream signals such as increasing levels of PIP2 which increases IP3 and DAG. IP3 increases intracellular calcium level which binds to calmodulin creating a complex. The complex then activates MLCK enzyme which causes contraction by activating myosin heads. The internal sphincter is responsible for contracting and keeping urine in place. 4) Since tamsulosin is a receptor antagonist, it binds and blocks the alpha 1 receptor, preventing sympathetic activation by norepinephrine. Therefore, Gq downstream signal resulting in contraction is prevented. This allows the internal sphincter to relax and reduces LUTs.
720451649	Tamsulosin is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor (alpha-1 AR) located on the bladder smooth muscle cells. Normally, alpha-1 AR is activated and via the Gq pathway, there is an increase of intracellular calcium which then causes the smooth muscles of the bladder to contract. Because tamsulosin is an antagonist, its binding to alpha-1 AR will decrease bladder contraction to help with the LUTS of BPH.
730304974	Tamsulosin acts as an antagonist of the alpha-1 receptor in the bladder sphincter smooth muscle cells. Normally, alpha-1 adrenergic receptors activate a Gq coupled GPCR cascade, which causes an increase in intracellular Ca2+, causing smooth muscle contraction. In BPH, the prostate applies pressure on the urethra, preventing the bladder from voiding. Tamsulosin inhibits the receptor, preventing the increase in intracellular Ca2+, allowing the sphincter to relax and the blatter to void.
730020056	Tamsulosin is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of alpha-1 adrenergic receptors found on post synaptic smooth muscle fibers in the sympathetic nervous system. In normal physiology, alpha-1 AR binding with norepinephrine causes the GPCR coupled to G-alpha-q to activate PLC and increase levels of IP3 and DAG. This causes a signlaing cascade that ultimately leads to smooth muscle contraction. By binding competitively to alpha-1 AR, tamsulosin reduces the signaling cascade and reduces smooth muscle contraction in the bladder, leading to fluid retention in treating overactive bladder (antispasmodic).
720541446	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist; alpha-1 adrenergic receptors are located on the smooth muscle cells of the internal sphincter in the bladder. a-1R are activated by binding to epinephrine. a-1R is a GPCR coupled to G-alpha-q, so evetually its activation causes the smooth muscle contraction of the internal sphincter, allowing the bladder to fill. When tamsulosin is used, the drug blocks epinephrine from binding to a-1R, allowing the smooth muscle to relax and assist with better urine flow in BPH patients experiencing LUTS. Ultimately, tamsulosin decreases the sympathetic tone of the internal sphincter, decreasing stricture and resulting in relaxation of the smooth muscle in this area.
730014494	Tamsulosin is an antagonist of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors found in the smooth muscle cells of the bladder. Normally, norepinephrine binds to this mAChR, which is a G-alpha-Q coupled GPCR, and causes an increase in intracellular calcium ions that activate protein kinase A and cause smooth muscle contraction. Tamsulosin is used to treat LUTS because it inhibits the binding of norepinephrine to the mAChR, which keeps the bladder muscles relaxed and reduces LUTS associated with BPH.
730305979	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a competitive inhibitor of the Na+/Cl- symporter. Tamsulosin acts on the GPCRs of the bladder neck and the prostate wall. Normally, sodium is reabsorbed in the nephron. Tamsulosin blocks this reabsorption and increases sodium excretion. This increases urine output and treats the symptoms associated with BPH.
720401318	1. antagonist 2. 1 alpha AR in the vascular system 3. When NE binds, cGMP is increased which causes Ca2+ to be released activating the myosin like chain kinase that leads to contraction of the bladder wall. 4. Tamsulosin binds to inhibit NE from binds leading to relaxation of the bladder wall relieving the symptoms of LUTS
730344044	Tamsulosin is a reversible, competitive antagonist of adrenergic alpha-1 receptors located in the CNS, SMC, and other areas of the body. Alpha-1 receptors usually are bound by the endogenous ligand, epinephrine, and signal through the G-alpha q subunit for increase in sympathetic tone. Tamsulosin acts as a alpha-1 receptor antagonist to decrease the smooth muscle contraction near the prostate, which treats the lower urinary tract symptoms characteristic of benign prostate hyperplasia.
730342829	Tamsulosin (the API for Flomax) is a competitive adrenergic antagonist that reversably binds to the alpha 1 receptors of the sympathetic nervous system in the smooth muscle of the bladder. This binding blocks the binding of norepinephrine neurotransmitters. Normally, norepinephrine would bind to the alpha 1 receptor and increase both contracture and signaling to higher order nervous sytstem to increase total peripheral resistance. Inhibition of this normal physiologic effect leads to decreased resistance and relaxation, which can prove beneficial for situations such as kidney stone lodging.
730361796	tamsulosin (Flomax) is the antagonist of muscuraniric acetylcholine receptors (mAChRs) located on the internal urethral sphincter. Normally, acetylcholoine (ACh) activates mAChR which activates G-alpha-q pathway to increase intracellular Ca2+ level, activates MLCK, and lead to muscular contraction in the urethral sphinter. tamsulosin inhibits activation of mAChR by ACh, thereby reduce muscular contraction in the unrethral sphincter and relieve symptoms in treating LUTS experienced by BPH patients.
730009316	Tamsulosin treats BPH (benign prostatic hyperplagia and LUTS (lower urinary tract symptoms) by beign a competive, reversible inhibitor of the alpha 1 andronergic receptor. It is located in the smooth muscle tissue operating on the urinary tract. The drug inhibits norepinephrine from activating the Gaq G protein which subsequently shuts off the activity of IP3 and DAG which would have activated MLCK inducing contracting of smooth muscle. However, since this system is turned off by the inhibitor, it causes the muscles to relax allowing for more control over urination.
730347896	Tamsulosin, brand name is Flomax, is a drug used to treat LUTS associated with BPH. The drug is a alpha-1 receptor antagonsit found in the smooth muscle cells, in this case normally functioning to contract the muscle in the prostate. Tamsulosin acts as an antagonist of this receptor and allows for relaxation of the muscle, not contraction, leading to its effect as a urinary retention drug and helping with LUTS seen in BPH patients.
720461998	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a loop diuretic that acts as an orthosteric, reversible inhibitor of NKCC2 cotransporters in the ascendling thick Loop of Henle. Usually, these transporters are responsible for the bulk of ion reabsorption in the kidney; inhibiting these transporters increases the excretion of Na, Cl, K, Mg, Ca, and water. Lowering water reabsorption into circulation helps combat hypervolemia and is useful in treating conditions such as hypertension and edema.
730078207	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the alpha-1 adernergic receptor (alpha-1 AR) which is located smooth muscle cells of the bladder&#39;s internal urethral sphincter. The alpha-1 AR normally binds to NE, its endogenous agonist, which stimulates the GalphaQ signaling pathway, including production of IP3 and DAG to facilitate an increase in intracelluar concentrations of Ca2+ as well as activation of MLCK to result in smooth muscle cell constriction at the bladder&#39;s internal urethral sphincter. As an antagonist, tamsulosin decreases the activity at the alpha-1 AR (decreasing NE binding) which results in the reduction of the bladder&#39;s constriction of smooth muscle cells near the internal urethral sphincter and more smooth muscle cell relaxation. Tamsulosin is beneficial in treating LUTS with BPH (benign prostatic hyperplasia) as it makes it easier to urinate due to the lack of constriction at the internal urethral sphincter.
730006868	Tamsulosin, brand name Flomax, is an Alpha-1 blocker. The drug target&#39;s name is alpha-1 cholinergic receptor and tamsulosin acts as an orthostatic competitive antagonist for this receptor. The location of this target is in the urinary bladder to help with LUTS symptoms resulting from Bening Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH). The target&#39;s normal role in physiology is to control smooth muscle contraction of the bladder, to aid in bladder filling and emptying. Because the alpha-1 receptor is a GPCR, specifically a G-alpha-q, upon binding of acetylcholine, it is coupled with IP3 and DAG (second messangers) to increase intracellular calcium levels. The calcium binds to calmodulin, which then activates the MLCK pathway leading to muscle contraction through myosin and actin. Inhibiting this pathway with tamsulosin will decrease muscle contraction of the bladder, to allow for urine to pass through with less trouble, relieving the LUTS symptoms.
730363572	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist, which is located in the smooth muscles of the bladder walls (also located elsewhere, but that is irrelevant for this response). This receptor is a G-protein coupled receptor. Normally, norepinepherine is the endogenous ligand that binds to the GPCR. This causes phospholipase C to increase, which will lead to an increase in intracellular calcium levels from actions of IP3 and DAG. The increase in intracellular calcium will activate MLCK (myosin light chain kinase), which will cause the smooth muscle cells in the bladder to contract. The contraction of the bladder will cause urine to be released. Tamsulosin will inhibit norepinephrine from binding to the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor, thus preventing urine release.
730364568	1) Tamsulosin is a reversible antagonist of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor 2) The target is located on the external urethral sphincter 3) Normally signalling through the a1 adrenergic receptor results in smooth muscle constriction 4) The goal in treating with tamsulosin is to help relax that sphincter to alleviate the pressure resulting form LUTS and BPH making it easier to void the bladder.
730363249	Tamsulosin is a reviersible antagnoist of the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor, a GPCR. This type of drug is also known as an alpha-1 blocker. Tamsulosin targets this receptor on smooth muscle, but for LUTS and BPH treatment we are concerned with it targeting of the alpha-1 receptor on the urethral sphincter. In normal conditions, ACh binds to the alpha-1 receptor triggering the release of G-alpha-q. This allow for the increase of IP3 and DAG which then triggers the increase in calcium influx. This increase activates MLCK (myotin) which then results in muscle contraction. When treating with tamsulosin, this GPCR is antagonized, so ACh is not allowed to bind to the GPCR and activate muscle contraction. Thus, tamsulosin decreases urethral sphincter contractions so that it is easier for someone with BPH or LUTS to urinate (which was difficult because of the excess pressure on the sphnicter).
730338781	Tamsulosin is a reversible antagonist. Its target is alpha 1 A receptors located in smooth muscle cells. The target&#39;s role in normal physiology is to cause smooth muscle contraction. Inhibition in this target cell will lead to smooth muscle relaxation and will result in relief in disease states such as BPH because increased muscle relaxation will allow for an increase in urine flow.
730341595	(1) Tamsulosin is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of the (2) Alpha-1 adrenergic receptors located everywhere, but therapeutic effect seen in internal urethral smooth muscle cells. (3) Normally, norepinephrine is the endogenous ligand of alpha 1 adrenergic receptors which activates G alpha q --&gt; increased cGMP --&gt; activates PIP2 --&gt; increase in IP3 and DAG. IP3 acts on sarcoplasmic reticulum and causes calcium to release in cytoplam. DAG actives PKC and the cycle repeats.Calcium binds to calmodin forming Ca-CaM complex --&gt; activates myosin light chain kinase --&gt; causes smooth muscle contraction.(4) Tamsulosin binds to alpha-1 adrenergic receptors as an antagonist and prevents it from being activated by norepinephrine. This results in decreased intracellular calcium and hence causes smooth muscles to dilate. Dilated smooth muscles help in bladder emptying and helps treat the symptoms associated with LUTS.
730015219	Tamsulosin (Flomax) an antagonist which binds at the orhosteric site of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor located on the internal urethral sphincter. Normally, norepinephrine from the sympathetic nervous system binds to the GPCR alpha-1 adrenergic receptor and the G alpha q subunit activates MLCK which prompts the myosin and actin to contract smooth muscle cells in the internal uretheral sphincter. When tamsulosin (Flomax) binds to the orthosteric site, this process is inhibited and the uretheral sphincter relaxes and allows urine to flow which increases bladder emptying and alleviates some of the symptoms from the LUTS associated with BPH.
730305268	Tamsulosin is a reversable antagonist of alpha 1 receptors mainly found in the lower sphincture of the bladder. The alpha 1 receptor&#39;s function is, when acticated by an agonist, to cause contraction of smooth muscle in the lower sphincter and causes urinary retention. With BPH the prostate squeezes on the urethra and sphincture, causing a weak stream when urinating and the inability to fully void the bladder. Tamsulosin, as an alpha one antagonist is used to cause relaxation of the sphincture smooth muscles allowing for a stronger stream and easier voiding of the bladder in those with BPH. It can aslo effect blood pressure.
730305181	N/A
730300937	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is a alpha 1 adrenergic receptor blocker. These receptors can be found all over the body but for tamsulsoin the action is in the urethral sphincter. In normal physiology norepinephrine binds to the receptor and causes smooth muscle contraction, by inhibiting or blocking the receptor smooth muscle relaxes which is essential in relieveing lower urinary tract symptoms associated with BPH.
730257887	Tamsulosin (Brand name Flomax) is an alpha1-adrenergic antagonist used to treat lower urinary tract symptoms caused by benign prostatic hyperplasia. Enlargement of the prostate presses on the bladder making urinary flow difficult. Tamsulosin binds to its receptor target (a1-adrenergic receptor) located on the bladder wall to block adrenergic sympathetic effects that are stimulated by epinephrine/norepinephrine. Antagonistic inhibition of sympathetic innervation relaxes the sphincter of the bladder to allow for more fluid and easier urinary flow in patients with BPH. The alpha1-adrenergic receptor is a GPCR with Gq signaling and inhibition decreases IP3 and DAG levels intracellularly to oppose its stimulatory sympathetic effects of sphincter constriction and blockage of urinary flow which causes LUTS.
730364945	Tamsulosin is a reversible antagonist of alpha-1 adrenergic receptors in the bladder sphincter (and other places). In normal physiology, nor-epinephrine binds this receptor to induce signalling by Gaq, increasing calcium in the cells and activating MLCK to cause constriction of the cells in the bladder sphincter. As an antagonist of this receptor, tamsulosin blocks this signalling pathway, leading to a relaxation of the cells in the sphincter to help treat urinary retention seen in patients with BPH.
730301189	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an agonist Ach. Its role is to keep the signaling off. It turns off vasoconstriction therefore relaxes smooth muscle in bladder.
730364732	Tamsulosin, or Flomax, is an alpha 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist. Alpha 1 adrenergic receptors are present on the smooth muscle cells of the urethra. In normal physiology, norepinephrine is the endogenous ligand for alpha1AR, and upon binding to the GPCR, the G alpha q subunit activates PLC which in turn increases the secondary messengers PIP2 and IP3. PIP2 and DAG activate PKC which increases intracellular cAMP concentrations, causing the release of Ca2+ ions intracellularly from the sarcoplasmic reticulum. This intracellular increase in Ca2+ activates myosin light chain kinase which activates myosin, leading to smooth muscle contraction. Tamsulosin acts as an orthosteric antagonist at these alpha1AR receptors and upon binding prevents the increase of intracellular of Ca2+ which prevents muscle contraction. The relaxation of smooth muscle and the internal urethral sphincter alleviates LUTS associated with BPH such as difficulty urinating.
730302084	Tamsulosin is a reversible orthosteric antagonist of muscarinic acetylcholine receptors located in the smooth muscle cells of the internal urethral sphincter. Normally, mAChR&#39;s bind acetylcholine which triggers an increase in intracellular calcium via the action of Gs, leading to smooth muscle contraction. Tamsulosin binds to the mAChR and blocks the increase of intracelluar calcium which leads to smooth muscle contraction of the sphincter, and thereby relieving the LUTS symptoms by decreasing resistance to urinary flow.
730012427	Tamsulosin is an alpha 1 blocker which is a reversible, competitive antagonist of the alpha 1 receptor, a GPCR, found in smooth muscle cells. In normal physiology, activation of the alpha 1 receptor leads to smooth muscle contraction, including in the urinary tract. In BPH, stricture of the urinary tract can cause LUTS. Tamsulosin prevents activation of the alpha 1 receptor, preventing stricture of the urinary tract to prevent LUTS associated with BPH.
730008469	Tamsulosin is a competitive alpha 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist. Its theraputic effect comes from blocking NE in the inner urinary sphincter. Normally, alpha 1 AR&#39;s on the inner urinary sphincter cause contraction by activating Galpha-q. This contraction keeps the sphincter closed and can cause the LUTS associated with BPH. Tamsulosin works by reducing the activation of these alpha1 AR&#39;s thus reducing the tone of the inner urinary sphinter and allowing for more complete bladder emptying and LUTS management.
730308977	Tamsulosin is an alpha-1 blocker that works on adrenergic receptors mostly localized on the walls and smooth muscle of the bladder and the internal urethral sphincter. The drug targets adrenergic receptors, which are normally activated by endogenous adrenaline or NE and controlled by sympathetic innervation. Normally, NE binds to adrenergic receptors, which initiates GPCR activity using the Galpha-q mechanism and activates PLC to activate PIP2 and create IP3 and DAG. Through downstream effects, IP3 and DAG lead to opening of calcium channels at the sarcoplasmic reticulum, which activates calmodulin, increases MLCK, and promotes smooth muscle contraction. This smooth muscle contraction at the spincter leads to common LUTS assocatied with BPH. By blocking the adrenergic receptor, tamsulosin inhibits NE from binding to the receptor and prevents this mechanism from occuring leading to relaxation of the sphincter smooth muscle, which will promote urination and relief from common LUTS.
730304975	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an orthosteric, irreversible inihibitor of PDE. It prevents the conversion of testosterone to DHT; increased levels of DHT are responsible for causing benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH) which presents as symptoms of LUTS. In normal physiology, PDE facilitiates the conversion of testosterone, in the male gonad region, to DHT which is a hormone responsible for the development of secondary male sex characteristics. When conversion of testosterone to DHT is inhibited via inhibition of PDE by tamsulosin, levels of testosterone in the body are increased as are the levels of estrogens because excess testosterone is shunted to conversion to estrogen. Thus, tamsulosin alleviates the difficulty of urination in males with BPH by reducing levels of DHT.
730177416	Tamsulosin acts as is a competitive, reversible a1 adrenergic receptor antagonist. The a1 adrenergic receptor is a GPCR Gas receptor found on the cell membrane of the smooth muscle of the urinary sphincter. When bound to epinephrine the receptor releases cAMP intot he cell. cAMP leads to downstream effects that induce contraction of the smooth muscle surrounding the sphincter to stop the flow of urine. In patients with benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH) the prostate can become enlarged and cause pressure in the area of the urinary sphincter preventing urination and causing lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS). To treat these symptoms tamsulosin binds competitively and reversibly to the a1 receptors and prevents binding by epinephrine. This inhibition of binding causes relaxation of the muscles of the urinary sphincter which allows for urination of patients experiencing LUTS.
730309632	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) is caused by an increased prostate growth that puts pressure on the urethra, causing patients to experiecne lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS). Tamsulosin is a drug that is used to treat LUTS associate with BPH by acting as a reversible antagonist that targets and binds orthosterically to the adrenergic receptors that are associated with maintaining sympathetic-tone of the internal urethral sphicnter. In normal physiology this receptor is a GPCR that is coupled to the G-alpha-q subunit. As a G-alpha q subunit, ligand binding (the endogenous ligand in this case being norepinephrine) activates phospholipase C to go on to activate PIP2, which releases IP3 and DAG to mobilize intracellular calcium. Calcium then binds to calmodulin, and this calcium-calmodulin complex can then go on to bind and initate smooth muscle contraction of the internal urethral sphincter. By inhibiting the action of this receptor, one would antagonize and block the activity of G-alpha-q, allowing for decreased sympathetic-tone of the internal urethral sphicnter, and relief of LUTS associated with BPH.
730163687	Tamsulosin is a reversible alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist. The receptor is located on the bladder urethral sphincter and is normally in charge of contracting the sphincter for urinary control. Tamsulosin causes relaxation of the urethral sphincter by blocking the alpha-1 AR by binding to it. This lowers water retention and leads to more urine exiting the body, relieving symptoms caused by BPH.
730227103	(1): Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha-1 blocker (Adrenergic receptor antagonist) (2): The drug targets adrenergic receptors of the sympathetic nervous system in the urethral spincter smooth muscle cells. (3): In normal physiology norephinephrine/epinephrine would bind adrenergic receptors of the sympathetic nervous system in the smooth muscle cells of the urethral sphincter. This binding would activate the GalphaQ subunit of the GPCR, which would activate phospholipase C, increase levels of IP3 and DAG, which would increase levels of intracellular calcium, which with CAM would activate MLCK. Activation of MLCK would induce smooth muscle cell contraction of the urethral sphincter preventing urination. This prevention of urination is what causes the LUTS associated with BPH. (4): Using an alpha-1 blocker like tamsulosin would bind to adrenergic receptors of the smooth muscle cells of the urethral spincter and prevent smooth muscle contraction (antagonist). This would be aid the LUTS associated with BPH because it would cause an ease in urination for the patients due to relaxation of the urethral sphincter. This treatment is very effective in improving the LUTS but it is not treating the underlying cause of the disease state which is an enlarged prostate.
730308980	Tamsulosin, brand name Flomax, is an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist. Its target is the alpha-1 receptor in the smooth muscle of the bladder. Alpha-1 adrenergic receptors are GPCRs that are bound to the G-alpha-q G-protein. When activated by agonists G-alpha-q signals for PIP2 on the cell membrane to be cleaved into IP3 and DAG. IP3 then binds to the calcium channels in the sarcoplasmic reticulum, allowing calcium ions to be released into the cytoplasm. DAG indirectly activates these channels as well. Once calcium is in the cytoplasm, it binds to calmodulin. The calcium-calmodulin complex activates the myosin light kinase chain (MLKC). This allows the myosin heads to interact with actin and induces muscle contraction. Thus, when this process is blocked by an antagonist, muscle contraction will also be blocked. This allows for smooth muscle to relax and is used in the treatment of urinary retention associated with BPH.
730084405	Tamsulosin is an alpha 1 adrenergic receptor antagonist(1) that acts on the internal and external urethral sphincter. The alpha 1 adrenergic receptor is a GPCR with G alpha q protein signaling(2). Normally, norepinephrine binds to the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor and results in increased intracellular Ca2+, MCLK, and smooth muscle contraction of the sphincter. (3). Tamsulosin binds to and antagonizes this activity of this receptor to decrease the sympathetic tone caused stricture that results in lower urinaty tract symptoms and Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia symptoms. (4) The antagonist activity results in lower sympathetic contraction at the urethral sphincters.
730042911	Tamsulosin is an alpha 1 receptor antagonist for the adrenergic receptors. The receptors are located on the walls of the bladder and the urethral spincter. In normal physiology, the normal signalling molecule is epinephrine or norepinephrine. When it binds, it activates a GPCR system. The alpha subunit is G-alpha-q. The alpha unit will activate phospholipase c which will lead to increased production of DAG and IP3. These molecules will stimulate Ca2+ release which will cause smooth muscle contraction of the bladder wall. As an antagonist, there will no longer be a signalling down the cascade and thus no smooth muscle contraction. The decrease in smooth muscle contraction will reduce the number of times the patient needs to go to the bathroom.
730301145	Tamulosin is a reversible alpha-1 adrenergic receptor (alpha-1 AR) antagonist. The alpha-1 AR is found on the internal urethral sphincter. Normally the alpha-1 AR is bound to norepinephrine and signals through G-alpha-q to cause an increase in intracellular Ca levels to activate myosin light chain kinase and cause muscle contraction of the internal sphincter. When the alpha-1 AR is bound to tamulosin, this inhibits NE binding and leads to muscle relaxation of the internal urethral sphincter and promotion of bladder emptying to alleviate the urinary retention symptoms associated with BPH.
730043583	Tamsulosin is a reversible mACh receptor antagonist. The mACh receptors it targets are located on the smooth muscles cells of the sphincters that control the flow of urine. The normal physiology of these receptors are, when ACh is released from the parasympathetic nervous system, it binds to the receptors on the surface of the smooth muscle cells. This causes an increase of calsium in the cells, activating the myosin light chain kinase, and resulting in the constriction of the sphinctr muscles. The tamsulosin, as a mAChR antagonist, blocks the ACh from binding to its receptors, and prevents this pathway from occuring. This results in relaxation of the the smooth muscle cells and allows the urine to flow more freely. This is good for those who have BPH because the enlarged prostate causes the urethra to constrict, similar to the metaphor as if &quot;someone was stepping on a garden hose,&quot; which generally impedes the flow of urine.
730305983	Tamsulosin is a competitive, reversible andrenergic alpha-1 receptor antagonist. It targets the adrenergic alpha-1 receptor located in the smooth muscle of the internal erethral sphincter. In normal physiology, norepinephrine binds the adrenergic alpha-1 receptor in the smooth muscle of the internal urethral sphincter to activate the GPCR-Galphaq unit. This Gq activation leads to increased IP3 and DAG which directly and indirectly stimulates an increase in intracellular calcium. The calcium binds calmodulin which allows the Ca-CaM unit to activate MLCK which activates myosin to interact with actin, ultimately leading to smooth muscle contraction. The contraction of smooth muscle closes the internal erethral sphincter, blocking the excretion of urine. Tamsulosin competitively and reversibly binds the adrenergic alpha-1 receptor located in the smooth muscle of the internal erethral sphincter to allow smooth muscle relaxation by blocking the binding of the receptor&#39;s agonist, norepinephrine. The Gq activation is never activated, so the smooth muscle of the internal erethral sphincter is able to relax, allowing urine to be excreted from the body. Tamsulosin is used to treat lower urinary tract symptoms in BPH because BPH causes difficult and incomplete urine emptying so the relaxation of the internal erethral sphincter counteracts BPH&#39;s effect by allowing easier excretion of urine.
730305085	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha 1 blocker. It is a competitive, reversible inhibitor of the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor found on smooth muscle cells (specifically vasculature). Normally the alpha1-AR is activated by binding of norepinephrine (NE). This activates the G-coupled protein G-alpha-q, which causes an increase in IP3 and DAG. This causes an increase in intracellular Ca++ ions released by the endoplasmic reticululm in the cell and a higher concentration of Ca++/CAM. This causes activation of MSLK and myosin activation. This results in smooth muscle contraction and closure of the urinary sphincter. Inhibition of the alpha1-AR by tamsulosin blocks the binding of NE and inhibits its activation. This results in inhibition of the sympathetic-tone induced constriction of the sphincter caused by BPH and alleviation of LUTS symptoms (urinary retention, incomplete emptying).
720141645	Tamsulosin is a adrenergic antagonist on the smooth muscle cells in the urinary sphinctor. Normally epinephrine attaches to the the the adrenergic receptors on the smooth muscle cells of the urinary sphinctor through G(alpha)s stimulation releasing IP3 and DAG, causing an increase in Ca ions and smooth muscle contraction. However tamsulosin inhibits this receptor and does not stimulate smooth muscle cell contraction, allowing the sphinctor to relax and urination to occur.
730011977	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha-1 antagonist of Epi in the human body. The drug targets the smooth muscles of the internal sphincter of the bladder to reduce sympathetic tone and help releive the symptoms of LUTS and BPH (increased urination is a result). Specifically, the drug prevents Epi from binding to the alpha-1 recpetors responsible for sympathetic tone. These alpha-1 receptors normally bind Epi and activate a Gaq protein cascade that ultimately increases the intracellular calcium levels that cause constriction of the interanl sphincter in the bladder.
730362445	Tamsulosin is orthosteric, reversible antagonist of the alpha 1-adrenergic receptor. These are located throughout the body but the primary function occurs in the bladder wall. In normal physiology, norepinephrine binds to the alpha 1-AR, leading to activation of the receptor. This leads to smooth muscle contraction in the bladder wall and constriction of the urethral sphincter. As an antagonist, tamsulosin will prevent the binding of norepinephrine to the alpha 1-AR. This will lead to smooth muscle relaxation and relaxation of the urethral sphincter. This relaxation allows for alleviation of symptoms related to BPH and LUTS.
730305984	Flomax (tamsulosin) is an antagonist of the alpha1 adrenergic receptor (a1 AR). The a1 AR is a GPCR that is coupled to a Galpha(q) subunit in smooth muscle cells in peripheral vasculature as well as the internal urethral sphincter (IUS). In LUTS associated with BPH, we are most concerned with the activity of the receptor on the IUS. In normal physiology, a1 AR is activated by norepinephrine via the sympathetic nervous system to induce smooth muscle contraction via the Galpha(q) pathway. This can be described as Galpha(q) activating PLC, which increases levels of IP3 and DAG. IP3 increases calcium transport out of the endoplasmic reticulum with the indirect help of the newly DAG/PKC complex. These calcium ions bind with calmodulin and activate MLCK which activates myosin in smooth muscles leading to smooth muscle contraction (closing of IUS) and therefore retention of urine. The therapeutic utility of Flomax to treat LUTS associated with BPH is shown through the antagonistic activity it has at the a1 AR, not allowing for the activation of the GPCR by norepinephrine. This will decrease the activity of normal physiology detailed above and ultimately lead to lessened activation of MLCK, which will decrease the activation of myosin and decrease contractility of the IUS. This decrease in smooth muscle contraction (opening of the IUS) in the IUS is what relieves the LUTS associated with BPH, such as leading to more ease with urination and bladder emptying.
730305023	Tamsulosin is a reversible, orthosteric antagonist of alpha-1 adrenergic receptor, which located on the smooth muscle of lower sphincter of bladder (and other places). Normally, the endogenous norepinephrine activates G alpha-q receptor on the membrane, which increases the concentration of Ca2+ level in the cells, and activates the myosin light chain kinase to stimulate smooth muscle contraction. Tamsulosin is an antagonist that decreases the activation of alpha-1 adrenergic receptor, and decreases the smooth muscle contraction on the lower sphincter of bladder tissue, thereby relieving the lower urinary tract symptoms of BPH.
730335119	Tamsulosin is an antagonist of the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor located in vascular smooth muscle cells. In normal physiology, the alpha-1 adrenergic receptor, a G-protein coupled receptor, is activated by a ligand such as epinephrine, which induces the activation of G-alpha q protein. G-alpha q activates PLC, which acts on PIP2 on the cell membrane. The action of PIP2 produces IP3 and DAG, which directly and indirectly, respectively, induces the release of calcium ions from the sarcoplasmic reticulum. Calcium then interacts with calmodulin to activate PKA, which activates MLCK (myosin light chain kinase). MLCK further allows the myosin head to interact with the actin to induce muscle contraction. Tamsulosin blocks the function of GPCR and prevents the vascular stricture caused by smooth muscle contraction to relieve the symptoms of lower urinary tract associated with the benign prostatic hyperplasia.
720520297	Tamsulosin is reversible orthosteric antagonist of the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor located in the bladder sphincter. Normally, epinephrine would bind as the endogenous ligand to activate the alpha 1 adrenergic receptor (a GCPR) which activates Galphaq to promote downstream signaling of the myosin light chain kinase to increase bladder contraction. Tamsulosin acts similiarly to epinephrine but when it binds to the receptor; it does not produce any effects thus reducing the sympathetic tone of the bladder sphincter, relaxing the bladder and treating LUTS associated with BPH.
730119872	Tamsulosin is an antagonist at the adrenergic alpha-1 receptor. The alpha-1 receptor is located throughout the body in smooth muscle cells in the peripheral vasculature as well as the smooth muscle cells of the internal urethral sphincter and is normally activated by the endogenous ligand norepinephrine to increase sympathetic tone. Binding of norepinephrine activates the Galphaq coupled subunit, resulting in synthesis of IP3 and DAG secondary messengers that activate calcium channels on the sarcoplasmic reticulum to release calcium into the cytoplasm, resulting in smooth muscle contraction. Tamsulosin blocks the alpha-1 receptor, preventing this pathway from occurring which leads to decreased sympathetic tone at the internal urethral sphincter, allowing the sphincter to relax and treat lower urinary tract symptoms such as urinary retention.
730305285	Tamsulosin (Flomax) is an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor agonist. Normally, norepinephrine signals via G-alpha q to stimulate MLCK and cause smooth muscle contraction in the bladder wall. As an agonist, tamsulosin imitates the function of norepinephrine to increase smooth muscle contraction. LUTS in BPH occurs when the excess tissue encroaches on the urethra, making urination difficult, so the increased smooth muscle contractions work against this.
720507989	Tamsulosin is an alpha-1 blocker (alpha-1 adrenergic receptor inhibitor). a1ARs are located in smooth muscle cells in the bladder and urethral sphincter. Upon activation of a1ARs by norepinephrine, the GPCR couples to Gaq to increase IP3, DAG, and MLCK to increase smooth muscle contractions which leads to closing of the urethral sphincter. When tamsulosin binds to a1ARs, it blocks NE from binding and inhibits the smooth muscle contractions that lead to closing of the urethral sphincter which relieves LUTS.
730308983	Tamsulosin is an antagonist targeting the mAChR (GPCR Family) in the smooth muscle of the urethral spinchter and peripheral vasculature. The natural ligand, acetylcholine binds to mAChR, coupled to G-alpha-Q, which ultimately leads to smooth muscle dilation. Antagonist binding prevents acetylcholine from binding to the receptor, leading to constriction of the urethral treating an overactive bladder, a common problem associated with BPH.
